[[Wolfe_et+al_StructureApobec1InsightsIntoRna_2020]]

# [The structure of APOBEC1 and insights into its RNA and DNA substrate selectivity](https://doi.org/10.1093/narcan/zcaa027)

## [[Aaron D Wolfe]]; [[Shuxing Li]]; [[Cody Goedderz]] et al.

## Abstract
Abstract APOBEC1 (APO1), a member of AID/APOBEC nucleic acid cytosine deaminase family, can edit apolipoprotein B mRNA to regulate cholesterol metabolism. This APO1 RNA editing activity requires a cellular cofactor to achieve tight regulation. However, ==no cofactors are required for deamination on DNA== by APO1 and other AID/APOBEC members, and aberrant deamination on genomic DNA by AID/==APOBEC deaminases has been linked to cancer==. Here, we present the crystal structure of APO1, which reveals a typical APOBEC deaminase core structure, plus a unique well-folded C-terminal domain that is highly hydrophobic. This APO1 C-terminal hydrophobic domain (A1HD) interacts to form a stable dimer mainly through hydrophobic interactions within the dimer interface to create a four-stranded β-sheet positively charged surface. Structure-guided mutagenesis within this and ==other regions of APO1 clarified the importance of the A1HD in directing RNA and cofactor interactions==, providing insights into the structural basis of selectivity on DNA or RNA substrates.

## Key concepts
#claim/#rna_editing; #rna_editing; #claim/#A1CF; #A1CF; #claim/#hydrophobic; #hydrophobic; #method/#MODEL; #MODEL; #c_terminal; #single_stranded_dna; #result/#mRNA; #mRNA; #method/#APOBEC1; #APOBEC1; #claim/#crystal_structure; #crystal_structure; #apolipoprotein; #claim/#RBM47; #RBM47; #result/#catalytic; #catalytic; #method/#nucleic_acid; #nucleic_acid; #result/#nuclear_export_signal; #nuclear_export_signal; #method/#molecular_weights; #molecular_weights; #result/#mutagenesis; #mutagenesis; #cytosine; #method/#size_exclusion_chromatography; #size_exclusion_chromatography; #method/#multi_angle_light_scattering; #multi_angle_light_scattering; #method/#SWISS; #SWISS; #method/#APOBEC3H; #APOBEC3H; #method/#molecular_replacement; #molecular_replacement; #method/#asymmetric_unit; #asymmetric_unit; #APOBEC3G; #low_density_lipoproteins; #HIV_1; #APOBEC3A; #immune_response; #method/#escherichia_coli; #escherichia_coli

## Quote
> We present the crystal structure of APO1, which reveals a typical APOBEC deaminase core structure, plus a unique well-folded C-terminal domain that is highly hydrophobic

## Key points
- Nucleic acid base editing on DNA or RNA is a versatile tool that serves a variety of biological roles within living systems
- The APO1 structure reveals an N-terminal core deaminase domain (CDD) that is similar to the canonical APOBEC deaminase domain and an extra wellstructured C-terminal APO1 C-terminal hydrophobic domain (A1HD) domain with a unique fold (Figure 2A)
- The A1HD interacts extensively with its counterpart from another APO1 monomer through hydrophobic packing to form a stable dimer via 2-fold rotational symmetry (Figure 2B), which can be disrupted by a steric point mutation at the interface
- While a co-crystal structure of APO1 with RNA and its cofactor (A1CF or RBM47) is needed to fully clarify these issues, the results described here provide important insights on how APO1 may use specific charged residues on the Nterminus as well as on the C-terminal A1HD to enable its activity on RNA substrates
- One possible role may be related to regulating protein aggregation/solubility: h6 of the core structure and the A1HD are largely hydrophobic, with multiple hydrophobic residues that are packed inside buried areas as well as surface exposed to solvent, and dimerization through hydrophobic interactions effectively shields most of these surface-exposed hydrophobic residues to effectively reduce random aggregation
- A previous model proposed for the mechanism of RNA editing by APO1 and its cofactor A1CF is that APO1 cofactor recognizes a targeted RNA through specific structural features of the RNA and melts the structured RNA to present an unfolded RNA region to APO1 active site for deamination [^45]

## Synopsis
A crystal structure of one of the AID/APOBEC deaminases following a study Communications earlier this year.
The APOBEC family of proteins deaminates cytosine (C) residues on DNA or RNA into uracil.
A1CF and RBM47 can individually confer editing activity by APO1 on known RNA substrates.
The C-terminal domain contains a high number of hydrophobic residues and has been shown to be necessary for both dimerization and RNA editing.
Nucleic acid base editing on DNA or RNA is a versatile tool that serves a variety of biological roles within living systems.
The APO1 structure reveals an N-terminal core deaminase domain that is similar to the canonical APOBEC deamin enzyme domain.
The A1HD interacts extensively with its counterpart from anotherAPO1 monomer through hydrophobic packing to form a stable dimer.<br/><br/>APOBEC family of proteins deaminates cytosine residues on DNA or RNA into uracil.
Within human cells, the family is divided into several subtypes: activation-induced deaminase that is a crucial part of the adaptive immune response.
Unregulated APO1 deamination activity has been associated with cancer.<br /><br />Some of their findings appear to consolidate previous studies in this field: “The mXT construct showed a median of 88 RifR/109 viable cells, while the WT APO1 showed 63.
These observations were also consistent with a previously reported mutagenicity of ∼50,” Wolfe posited. <br /><br />


## Summary

### Introduction
Nucleic acid base editing on DNA or RNA is a versatile tool that serves a variety of biological roles within living systems.
The APOBEC family of proteins deaminates cytosine (C) residues on DNA or RNA into uracil, resulting in a range of biological effects such as antiviral restriction [^1], immune responses [^2] and aberrant mutagenesis [^3],[^4].
A1CF and RBM47 can individually confer editing activity by APO1 on known RNA substrates and are important for lipid uptake and regulating LDL levels [^32],[^33].
A1CF and RBM47 are essential genes [^31],[^32],[^34],[^35], and play a role in RNA processing, liver development and kidney function, and cancer [^34],[^36],[^37],[^38]

### Methods
A preliminary model for the CDD was first generated through the SWISS-MODEL web server [^47],[^48],[^49] by threading the sequence of APO1 onto the solved crystal structure of monomeric human APOBEC3H [^50] (PDB ID: 5W45).
This template was chosen by the default search criteria of the program based on the final model quality.
The first run of the lowest energy cluster was used as the template for designing mutations

### Results
Engineering a soluble APO1 protein for structural determination<br/><br/>Recombinant WT MBP–APO1 purified as a soluble aggregate, which is similar to what was previously reported for an E. coli expression system [^39], literature reports the detection of a dimeric species when using in vitro translation from rabbit reticulocyte lysate [^42].
Full-length human APO1 contains 236 residues, with the N-terminal residues 15–187 being the CDD that bears high sequence homology to other APOBECs, and the C-terminal residues 188–236 after the CDD being unique to APO1.
This unique C-terminal domain contains a high number of hydrophobic residues and has been shown to be necessary for both dimerization and RNA editing [^43].
The major hurdle for the structural determination of APO1 over the past is the strong tendency of its protein to form aggregates, which may be due to the high number of hydrophobic residues in the Cterminal region that are mostly located within the A1HD domain.

### Conclusion
We have described the crystal structure of APO1 and its structure-based functional characterization.
The A1HD interacts extensively with its counterpart from another APO1 monomer through hydrophobic packing to form a stable dimer via 2-fold rotational symmetry (Figure 2B), which can be disrupted by a steric point mutation at the interface.
While no RNA deamination was detectable for W121A mutant in the primer extension assay in vitro, low-level activity was detected when using a more sensitive cell-based reporter assay (Figure 6B).
This suggests that there may be a continuum effect in determining substrate specificity


## Study subjects

### 7 APOBEC3 proteins
- The APOBEC family of proteins deaminates cytosine (C) residues on DNA or RNA into uracil, resulting in a range of biological effects such as antiviral restriction [^1], immune responses [^2] and aberrant mutagenesis [^3],[^4]. ==Within human cells, the family is divided into several subtypes: activation-induced deaminase (AID) that is a crucial part of the adaptive immune response [^5],[^6]; seven APOBEC3 proteins (A3s) that are crucial part of the innate immune system [^7],[^8],[^9],[^10]; APOBEC2 that is known to function in cardiac and skeletal muscle development [^11],[^12]; APOBEC4 whose function is still unknown [^13]; and APOBEC1 (APO1) [^14],[^15], the namesake of the family and original founding member, which was initially discovered for its important role in cholesterol maintenance and lipid metabolism==. Unregulated APO1 deamination activity or its deamination signature has been associated with cancer [^16],[^17],[^18],[^19],[^20]

### 4 mutants
- A subsequent RifR assay in bacterial cells verified that F120A behaved the same as the catalytically dead E63A mutant (Figure 4F), whereas W121A, W121H and W121Q all displayed DNA deamination activity comparable to WT (Figure 4F); this effect is consistent with what was observed between WT and the mXT construct in the RifR assay (Figure 3A). ==DNA and RNA binding assays showed that the four mutants (F120A, W121A, W121H and W121Q) had estimated Kd values between 0.39 and 0.75 ␮M (Supplementary Figure S4) and did not show an obvious correlation between the Kd value changes and the deaminase activity levels observed for these mutants==. These results suggest that, although F120 and W121 on loop 7 play a role in interacting with both RNA and ssDNA substrates, residue 121 appears to be critical in differentiating RNA versus ssDNA substrates for deamination, possibly through interacting with and positioning RNA in a certain orientation, or by coordinating with a cofactor (such as A1CF or RBM47) to interact with RNA in a specific fashion needed for deamination

## Data analysis
- #method/tukey_post_test
- #method/nonlinear_regression
- #method/ANOVA
- #method/bonferroni

## Findings
- Resulting P-values were reported as *P < 0.05, **P < 0.01, ***P < 0.001 and ****P < 0.0001

##  Confirmation of earlier findings
- Specifically, the mXT construct showed a median of 88 RifR/109 viable cells, while the WT APO1 showed a median of 63 RifR/109 viable cells. ==These observations were also consistent with a previously reported mutagenicity of ∼50 RifR/109 viable cells for untagged human APO1==, which is notably far less than the mutagenicity of APO1 from other mammals such as rat and rabbit [^3],[^70]
- One caveat is that the activity of L173Q could come from the residual dimer, even though such possibility is low as only the fractions centered around the monomeric peak were used for the activity assay. ==This result is consistent with a recent report where GFP fused to the Cterminus== (APO1–GFP) but not to the N-terminus (GFP– APO1) significantly lowered dimerization, and this APO1– GFP fusion defective in dimerization is still active [^44]
- For comparison, the mutation Q169A that was purposely picked from outside the positively charged surface, together with dimer disrupting monomer mutant L173Q, showed full WT editing activity. These mutational results, together with the ==previously reported mutational studies== [^46],[^67],[^69], suggest that these positive/polar residues on the positively charged surface of APO1 play an important role in mediating RNA editing
- While a co-crystal structure of APO1 with RNA and its cofactor (A1CF or RBM47) is needed to fully clarify these issues, the results described here provide important insights on how APO1 may use specific charged residues on the Nterminus as well as on the C-terminal A1HD to enable its activity on RNA substrates. ==Our structure and mutational data reveal how APO1 forms a stable dimer complex mediated by the two Cterminal A1HDs, which is consistent with multiple previous biochemical and functional studies that suggested dimer formation== [^15],[^42],[^43],[^44]
- One possible role may be related to regulating protein aggregation/solubility: h6 of the core structure and the A1HD are largely hydrophobic, with multiple hydrophobic residues that are packed inside buried areas as well as surface exposed to solvent, and dimerization through hydrophobic interactions effectively shields most of these surface-exposed hydrophobic residues to effectively reduce random aggregation. ==The C-terminal A1HD was shown here as well as by others== [^43] to be critical for RNA deamination
- We also show that a monomeric mutant L173Q completely disrupted APO1 dimerization yet still had WT-level RNA deaminase activity. ==This clearly indicates that dimerization is not required for RNA editing, and a recent cellular study shown in a bioRxiv manuscript corroborates this conclusion== [^44]

## Counterpoint to earlier claims
- Two early models for APO1 structure and dimerization had previously been proposed based on the crystal structures of free cytidine deaminases from E. coli (ecCDA) [^67] and yeast (CDD1) [^68]. These modeling studies of APO1 precede the publication of the first crystal structure of an APOBEC protein revealing the characteristic fold of APOBEC core deaminase features [^21], and the ==reported models and the dimerization modes are very different from the crystal structure shown here== (Supplementary Figure S2D)
- For the construct N 14, the exact reason for the loss of RNA deaminase ac-. tivity is unclear, even though it was suggested from a ==prior report that deleting the N-terminal 15 and 30 residues of APO1 diminished A1CF cofactor binding== [^69]

## Contributions
- In summary, we have determined the crystal structure of APO1 that reveals a canonical deaminase core structure and an extra C-terminal A1HD domain fold unique to APO1. The structure shows how APO1 dimerizes through its A1HD domain through hydrophobic interactions. The stable dimer formation can be disrupted by mutating the interface, but dimerization does not appear to be required for APO1 cofactor binding or deamination on RNA or DNA substrates. The results from the subsequent structureguided mutational and functional studies using biochemical and cell-based assays provide new insights into the deaminase activity on both RNA and ssDNA substrates and the importance of this C-terminal domain in regulating these enzymatic functions. There are still many interesting questions with regard to how APO1 interacts with its cofactors and recognizes specific target RNA for deamination and other potential biological functions of APO1. The results reported here provide a strong structural foundation for addressing these questions in the future.

## Data and code
- Coordinates and structure factors have been deposited in the Protein Data Bank with PDB accession code 6X91.
- Supplementary Data are available at NAR Cancer Online


## References
[^1]: Goila-Gaur,R. and Strebel,K. (2008) HIV-1 Vif, APOBEC, and intrinsic immunity. Retrovirology, 5, 51. [[Goila-Gaur_Hiv1VifApobecIntrinsicImmunity_2008]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Goila-Gaur%2C%20R.%20Strebel%2C%20K.%20HIV-1%20Vif%2C%20APOBEC%2C%20and%20intrinsic%20immunity%202008&author=Goila-Gaur&title=HIV-1%20Vif%2C%20APOBEC%2C%20and%20intrinsic%20immunity&year=2008) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Goila-Gaur%2C%20R.%20Strebel%2C%20K.%20HIV-1%20Vif%2C%20APOBEC%2C%20and%20intrinsic%20immunity%202008) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Goila-Gaur%2C%20R.%20Strebel%2C%20K.%20HIV-1%20Vif%2C%20APOBEC%2C%20and%20intrinsic%20immunity%202008)

[^2]: Peled,J.U., Kuang,F.L., Iglesias-Ussel,M.D., Roa,S., Kalis,S.L., Goodman,M.F. and Scharff,M.D. (2008) The biochemistry of somatic hypermutation. Annu. Rev. Immunol., 26, 481–511. [[Peled_et+al_BiochemistrySomaticHypermutation_2008]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Peled%2C%20J.U.%20Kuang%2C%20F.L.%20Iglesias-Ussel%2C%20M.D.%20Roa%2C%20S.%20The%20biochemistry%20of%20somatic%20hypermutation%202008&author=Peled&title=The%20biochemistry%20of%20somatic%20hypermutation&year=2008) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Peled%2C%20J.U.%20Kuang%2C%20F.L.%20Iglesias-Ussel%2C%20M.D.%20Roa%2C%20S.%20The%20biochemistry%20of%20somatic%20hypermutation%202008) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Peled%2C%20J.U.%20Kuang%2C%20F.L.%20Iglesias-Ussel%2C%20M.D.%20Roa%2C%20S.%20The%20biochemistry%20of%20somatic%20hypermutation%202008)

[^3]: Harris,R.S., Petersen-Mahrt,S.K. and Neuberger,M.S. (2002) RNA editing enzyme APOBEC1 and some of its homologs can act as DNA mutators. Mol. Cell, 10, 1247–1253. [[Harris_et+al_RnaEditingEnzymeApobec1Some_2002]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Harris%2C%20R.S.%20Petersen-Mahrt%2C%20S.K.%20Neuberger%2C%20M.S.%20RNA%20editing%20enzyme%20APOBEC1%20and%20some%20of%20its%20homologs%20can%20act%20as%20DNA%20mutators%202002&author=Harris&title=RNA%20editing%20enzyme%20APOBEC1%20and%20some%20of%20its%20homologs%20can%20act%20as%20DNA%20mutators&year=2002) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Harris%2C%20R.S.%20Petersen-Mahrt%2C%20S.K.%20Neuberger%2C%20M.S.%20RNA%20editing%20enzyme%20APOBEC1%20and%20some%20of%20its%20homologs%20can%20act%20as%20DNA%20mutators%202002) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Harris%2C%20R.S.%20Petersen-Mahrt%2C%20S.K.%20Neuberger%2C%20M.S.%20RNA%20editing%20enzyme%20APOBEC1%20and%20some%20of%20its%20homologs%20can%20act%20as%20DNA%20mutators%202002)

[^4]: Petersen-Mahrt,S.K. and Neuberger,M.S. (2003) In vitro deamination of cytosine to uracil in single-stranded DNA by apolipoprotein B editing complex catalytic subunit 1 (APOBEC1). J. Biol. Chem., 278, 19583–19586. [[Petersen-Mahrt_VitroDeaminationCytosineUracilSinglestranded_2003]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Petersen-Mahrt%2C%20S.K.%20Neuberger%2C%20M.S.%20In%20vitro%20deamination%20of%20cytosine%20to%20uracil%20in%20single-stranded%20DNA%20by%20apolipoprotein%20B%20editing%20complex%20catalytic%20subunit%201%20%28APOBEC1%202003&author=Petersen-Mahrt&title=In%20vitro%20deamination%20of%20cytosine%20to%20uracil%20in%20single-stranded%20DNA%20by%20apolipoprotein%20B%20editing%20complex%20catalytic%20subunit%201%20%28APOBEC1&year=2003) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Petersen-Mahrt%2C%20S.K.%20Neuberger%2C%20M.S.%20In%20vitro%20deamination%20of%20cytosine%20to%20uracil%20in%20single-stranded%20DNA%20by%20apolipoprotein%20B%20editing%20complex%20catalytic%20subunit%201%20%28APOBEC1%202003) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Petersen-Mahrt%2C%20S.K.%20Neuberger%2C%20M.S.%20In%20vitro%20deamination%20of%20cytosine%20to%20uracil%20in%20single-stranded%20DNA%20by%20apolipoprotein%20B%20editing%20complex%20catalytic%20subunit%201%20%28APOBEC1%202003)

[^5]: Muramatsu,M., Sankaranand,V.S., Anant,S., Sugai,M., Kinoshita,K., Davidson,N.O. and Honjo,T. (1999) Specific expression of activation-induced cytidine deaminase (AID), a novel member of the RNA-editing deaminase family in germinal center B cells. J. Biol. Chem., 274, 18470–18476. [[Muramatsu_et+al_SpecificExpressionActivationinducedCytidineDeaminase_1999]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Muramatsu%2C%20M.%20Sankaranand%2C%20V.S.%20Anant%2C%20S.%20Sugai%2C%20M.%20Specific%20expression%20of%20activation-induced%20cytidine%20deaminase%20%28AID%29%2C%20a%20novel%20member%20of%20the%20RNA-editing%20deaminase%20family%20in%20germinal%20center%20B%20cells%201999&author=Muramatsu&title=Specific%20expression%20of%20activation-induced%20cytidine%20deaminase%20%28AID%29%2C%20a%20novel%20member%20of%20the%20RNA-editing%20deaminase%20family%20in%20germinal%20center%20B%20cells&year=1999) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Muramatsu%2C%20M.%20Sankaranand%2C%20V.S.%20Anant%2C%20S.%20Sugai%2C%20M.%20Specific%20expression%20of%20activation-induced%20cytidine%20deaminase%20%28AID%29%2C%20a%20novel%20member%20of%20the%20RNA-editing%20deaminase%20family%20in%20germinal%20center%20B%20cells%201999) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Muramatsu%2C%20M.%20Sankaranand%2C%20V.S.%20Anant%2C%20S.%20Sugai%2C%20M.%20Specific%20expression%20of%20activation-induced%20cytidine%20deaminase%20%28AID%29%2C%20a%20novel%20member%20of%20the%20RNA-editing%20deaminase%20family%20in%20germinal%20center%20B%20cells%201999)

[^6]: Muto,T., Muramatsu,M., Taniwaki,M., Kinoshita,K. and Honjo,T. (2000) Isolation, tissue distribution, and chromosomal localization of the human activation-induced cytidine deaminase (AID) gene. Genomics, 68, 85–88. [[Muto_et+al_IsolationTissueDistributionChromosomalLocalization_2000]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Muto%2C%20T.%20Muramatsu%2C%20M.%20Taniwaki%2C%20M.%20Kinoshita%2C%20K.%20Isolation%2C%20tissue%20distribution%2C%20and%20chromosomal%20localization%20of%20the%20human%20activation-induced%20cytidine%20deaminase%20%28AID%29%20gene%202000&author=Muto&title=Isolation%2C%20tissue%20distribution%2C%20and%20chromosomal%20localization%20of%20the%20human%20activation-induced%20cytidine%20deaminase%20%28AID%29%20gene&year=2000) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Muto%2C%20T.%20Muramatsu%2C%20M.%20Taniwaki%2C%20M.%20Kinoshita%2C%20K.%20Isolation%2C%20tissue%20distribution%2C%20and%20chromosomal%20localization%20of%20the%20human%20activation-induced%20cytidine%20deaminase%20%28AID%29%20gene%202000) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Muto%2C%20T.%20Muramatsu%2C%20M.%20Taniwaki%2C%20M.%20Kinoshita%2C%20K.%20Isolation%2C%20tissue%20distribution%2C%20and%20chromosomal%20localization%20of%20the%20human%20activation-induced%20cytidine%20deaminase%20%28AID%29%20gene%202000)

[^7]: Madsen,P., Anant,S., Rasmussen,H.H., Gromov,P., Vorum,H., Dumanski,J.P., Tommerup,N., Collins,J.E., Wright,C.L., Dunham,I. et al. (1999) Psoriasis upregulated phorbolin-1 shares structural but not functional similarity to the mRNA-editing protein apobec-1. J. Invest. Dermatol., 113, 162–169. [[Madsen_et+al_PsoriasisUpregulatedPhorbolin1SharesStructural_1999]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Madsen%2C%20P.%20Anant%2C%20S.%20Rasmussen%2C%20H.H.%20Gromov%2C%20P.%20Psoriasis%20upregulated%20phorbolin-1%20shares%20structural%20but%20not%20functional%20similarity%20to%20the%20mRNA-editing%20protein%20apobec-1%201999&author=Madsen&title=Psoriasis%20upregulated%20phorbolin-1%20shares%20structural%20but%20not%20functional%20similarity%20to%20the%20mRNA-editing%20protein%20apobec-1&year=1999) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Madsen%2C%20P.%20Anant%2C%20S.%20Rasmussen%2C%20H.H.%20Gromov%2C%20P.%20Psoriasis%20upregulated%20phorbolin-1%20shares%20structural%20but%20not%20functional%20similarity%20to%20the%20mRNA-editing%20protein%20apobec-1%201999) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Madsen%2C%20P.%20Anant%2C%20S.%20Rasmussen%2C%20H.H.%20Gromov%2C%20P.%20Psoriasis%20upregulated%20phorbolin-1%20shares%20structural%20but%20not%20functional%20similarity%20to%20the%20mRNA-editing%20protein%20apobec-1%201999)

[^8]: Jarmuz,A., Chester,A., Bayliss,J., Gisbourne,J., Dunham,I., Scott,J. and Navaratnam,N. (2002) An anthropoid-specific locus of orphan C to U RNA-editing enzymes on chromosome 22. Genomics, 79, 285–296. [[Jarmuz_et+al_AnthropoidspecificLocusOrphanCU_2002]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Jarmuz%2C%20A.%20Chester%2C%20A.%20Bayliss%2C%20J.%20Gisbourne%2C%20J.%20An%20anthropoid-specific%20locus%20of%20orphan%20C%20to%20U%20RNA-editing%20enzymes%20on%20chromosome%2022%202002&author=Jarmuz&title=An%20anthropoid-specific%20locus%20of%20orphan%20C%20to%20U%20RNA-editing%20enzymes%20on%20chromosome%2022&year=2002) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Jarmuz%2C%20A.%20Chester%2C%20A.%20Bayliss%2C%20J.%20Gisbourne%2C%20J.%20An%20anthropoid-specific%20locus%20of%20orphan%20C%20to%20U%20RNA-editing%20enzymes%20on%20chromosome%2022%202002) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Jarmuz%2C%20A.%20Chester%2C%20A.%20Bayliss%2C%20J.%20Gisbourne%2C%20J.%20An%20anthropoid-specific%20locus%20of%20orphan%20C%20to%20U%20RNA-editing%20enzymes%20on%20chromosome%2022%202002)

[^9]: Sheehy,A.M., Gaddis,N.C., Choi,J.D. and Malim,M.H. (2002) Isolation of a human gene that inhibits HIV-1 infection and is suppressed by the viral Vif protein. Nature, 418, 27. [[Sheehy_et+al_IsolationHumanGeneThatInhibits_2002]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Sheehy%2C%20A.M.%20Gaddis%2C%20N.C.%20Choi%2C%20J.D.%20Malim%2C%20M.H.%20Isolation%20of%20a%20human%20gene%20that%20inhibits%20HIV-1%20infection%20and%20is%20suppressed%20by%20the%20viral%20Vif%20protein%202002&author=Sheehy&title=Isolation%20of%20a%20human%20gene%20that%20inhibits%20HIV-1%20infection%20and%20is%20suppressed%20by%20the%20viral%20Vif%20protein&year=2002) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Sheehy%2C%20A.M.%20Gaddis%2C%20N.C.%20Choi%2C%20J.D.%20Malim%2C%20M.H.%20Isolation%20of%20a%20human%20gene%20that%20inhibits%20HIV-1%20infection%20and%20is%20suppressed%20by%20the%20viral%20Vif%20protein%202002) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Sheehy%2C%20A.M.%20Gaddis%2C%20N.C.%20Choi%2C%20J.D.%20Malim%2C%20M.H.%20Isolation%20of%20a%20human%20gene%20that%20inhibits%20HIV-1%20infection%20and%20is%20suppressed%20by%20the%20viral%20Vif%20protein%202002)

[^10]: Wedekind,J.E., Dance,G.S.C., Sowden,M.P. and Smith,H.C. (2003) Messenger RNA editing in mammals: new members of the APOBEC family seeking roles in the family business. Trends Genet., 19, 207–216. [[Wedekind_et+al_MessengerRnaEditingMammalsMembers_2003]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Wedekind%2C%20J.E.%20Dance%2C%20G.S.C.%20Sowden%2C%20M.P.%20Smith%2C%20H.C.%20Messenger%20RNA%20editing%20in%20mammals%3A%20new%20members%20of%20the%20APOBEC%20family%20seeking%20roles%20in%20the%20family%20business%202003&author=Wedekind&title=Messenger%20RNA%20editing%20in%20mammals%3A%20new%20members%20of%20the%20APOBEC%20family%20seeking%20roles%20in%20the%20family%20business&year=2003) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wedekind%2C%20J.E.%20Dance%2C%20G.S.C.%20Sowden%2C%20M.P.%20Smith%2C%20H.C.%20Messenger%20RNA%20editing%20in%20mammals%3A%20new%20members%20of%20the%20APOBEC%20family%20seeking%20roles%20in%20the%20family%20business%202003) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Wedekind%2C%20J.E.%20Dance%2C%20G.S.C.%20Sowden%2C%20M.P.%20Smith%2C%20H.C.%20Messenger%20RNA%20editing%20in%20mammals%3A%20new%20members%20of%20the%20APOBEC%20family%20seeking%20roles%20in%20the%20family%20business%202003)

[^11]: Liao,W., Hong,S.H., Chan,B.H.J., Rudolph,F.B., Clark,S.C. and Chan,L. (1999) APOBEC-2, a cardiac- and skeletal muscle-specific member of the cytidine deaminase supergene family. Biochem. Biophys. Res. Commun., 260, 398–404. [[Liao_et+al_Apobec2CardiacSkeletalMusclespecificMember_1999]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Liao%2C%20W.%20Hong%2C%20S.H.%20Chan%2C%20B.H.J.%20Rudolph%2C%20F.B.%20APOBEC-2%2C%20a%20cardiac-%20and%20skeletal%20muscle-specific%20member%20of%20the%20cytidine%20deaminase%20supergene%20family%201999&author=Liao&title=APOBEC-2%2C%20a%20cardiac-%20and%20skeletal%20muscle-specific%20member%20of%20the%20cytidine%20deaminase%20supergene%20family&year=1999) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Liao%2C%20W.%20Hong%2C%20S.H.%20Chan%2C%20B.H.J.%20Rudolph%2C%20F.B.%20APOBEC-2%2C%20a%20cardiac-%20and%20skeletal%20muscle-specific%20member%20of%20the%20cytidine%20deaminase%20supergene%20family%201999) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Liao%2C%20W.%20Hong%2C%20S.H.%20Chan%2C%20B.H.J.%20Rudolph%2C%20F.B.%20APOBEC-2%2C%20a%20cardiac-%20and%20skeletal%20muscle-specific%20member%20of%20the%20cytidine%20deaminase%20supergene%20family%201999)

[^12]: Anant,S., Mukhopadhyay,D., Sankaranand,V., Kennedy,S., Henderson,J.O. and Davidson,N.O. (2001) ARCD-1, an apobec-1-related cytidine deaminase, exerts a dominant negative effect on C to U RNA editing. Am. J. Physiol. Cell Physiol., 281, C1904–C1916. [[Anant_et+al_Arcd1Apobec1relatedCytidineDeaminaseExerts_2001]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Anant%2C%20S.%20Mukhopadhyay%2C%20D.%20Sankaranand%2C%20V.%20Kennedy%2C%20S.%20ARCD-1%2C%20an%20apobec-1-related%20cytidine%20deaminase%2C%20exerts%20a%20dominant%20negative%20effect%20on%20C%20to%20U%20RNA%20editing%202001&author=Anant&title=ARCD-1%2C%20an%20apobec-1-related%20cytidine%20deaminase%2C%20exerts%20a%20dominant%20negative%20effect%20on%20C%20to%20U%20RNA%20editing&year=2001) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Anant%2C%20S.%20Mukhopadhyay%2C%20D.%20Sankaranand%2C%20V.%20Kennedy%2C%20S.%20ARCD-1%2C%20an%20apobec-1-related%20cytidine%20deaminase%2C%20exerts%20a%20dominant%20negative%20effect%20on%20C%20to%20U%20RNA%20editing%202001) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Anant%2C%20S.%20Mukhopadhyay%2C%20D.%20Sankaranand%2C%20V.%20Kennedy%2C%20S.%20ARCD-1%2C%20an%20apobec-1-related%20cytidine%20deaminase%2C%20exerts%20a%20dominant%20negative%20effect%20on%20C%20to%20U%20RNA%20editing%202001)

[^13]: Rogozin,I.B., Basu,M.K., Jordan,I.K., Pavlov,Y.I. and Koonin,E.V. (2005) APOBEC4, a new member of the AID/APOBEC family of polynucleotide (deoxy)cytidine deaminases predicted by computational analysis. Cell Cycle, 4, 1281–1285. [[Rogozin_et+al_Apobec4MemberAidapobecFamilyPolynucleotide_2005]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Rogozin%2C%20I.B.%20Basu%2C%20M.K.%20Jordan%2C%20I.K.%20Pavlov%2C%20Y.I.%20APOBEC4%2C%20a%20new%20member%20of%20the%20AID/APOBEC%20family%20of%20polynucleotide%20%28deoxy%29cytidine%20deaminases%20predicted%20by%20computational%20analysis%202005&author=Rogozin&title=APOBEC4%2C%20a%20new%20member%20of%20the%20AID/APOBEC%20family%20of%20polynucleotide%20%28deoxy%29cytidine%20deaminases%20predicted%20by%20computational%20analysis&year=2005) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Rogozin%2C%20I.B.%20Basu%2C%20M.K.%20Jordan%2C%20I.K.%20Pavlov%2C%20Y.I.%20APOBEC4%2C%20a%20new%20member%20of%20the%20AID/APOBEC%20family%20of%20polynucleotide%20%28deoxy%29cytidine%20deaminases%20predicted%20by%20computational%20analysis%202005) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Rogozin%2C%20I.B.%20Basu%2C%20M.K.%20Jordan%2C%20I.K.%20Pavlov%2C%20Y.I.%20APOBEC4%2C%20a%20new%20member%20of%20the%20AID/APOBEC%20family%20of%20polynucleotide%20%28deoxy%29cytidine%20deaminases%20predicted%20by%20computational%20analysis%202005)

[^14]: Chen,S.H., Habib,G., Yang,C.Y., Gu,Z.W., Lee,B.R., Weng,S.A., Silberman,S.R., Cai,S.J., Deslypere,J.P., Rosseneu,M. et al. (1987) Apolipoprotein B-48 is the product of a messenger RNA with an organ-specific in-frame stop codon. Science, 238, 363–366. [[Chen_et+al_ApolipoproteinB48ProductMessengerRna_1987]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Chen%2C%20S.H.%20Habib%2C%20G.%20Yang%2C%20C.Y.%20Gu%2C%20Z.W.%20Apolipoprotein%20B-48%20is%20the%20product%20of%20a%20messenger%20RNA%20with%20an%20organ-specific%20in-frame%20stop%20codon%201987&author=Chen&title=Apolipoprotein%20B-48%20is%20the%20product%20of%20a%20messenger%20RNA%20with%20an%20organ-specific%20in-frame%20stop%20codon&year=1987) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Chen%2C%20S.H.%20Habib%2C%20G.%20Yang%2C%20C.Y.%20Gu%2C%20Z.W.%20Apolipoprotein%20B-48%20is%20the%20product%20of%20a%20messenger%20RNA%20with%20an%20organ-specific%20in-frame%20stop%20codon%201987) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Chen%2C%20S.H.%20Habib%2C%20G.%20Yang%2C%20C.Y.%20Gu%2C%20Z.W.%20Apolipoprotein%20B-48%20is%20the%20product%20of%20a%20messenger%20RNA%20with%20an%20organ-specific%20in-frame%20stop%20codon%201987)

[^15]: Teng,B., Burant,C. and Davidson,N. (1993) Molecular cloning of an apolipoprotein B messenger RNA editing protein. Science, 260, 1816–1819. [[Teng_et+al_MolecularCloningApolipoproteinBMessenger_1993]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Teng%2C%20B.%20Burant%2C%20C.%20Davidson%2C%20N.%20Molecular%20cloning%20of%20an%20apolipoprotein%20B%20messenger%20RNA%20editing%20protein%201993&author=Teng&title=Molecular%20cloning%20of%20an%20apolipoprotein%20B%20messenger%20RNA%20editing%20protein&year=1993) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Teng%2C%20B.%20Burant%2C%20C.%20Davidson%2C%20N.%20Molecular%20cloning%20of%20an%20apolipoprotein%20B%20messenger%20RNA%20editing%20protein%201993) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Teng%2C%20B.%20Burant%2C%20C.%20Davidson%2C%20N.%20Molecular%20cloning%20of%20an%20apolipoprotein%20B%20messenger%20RNA%20editing%20protein%201993)

[^16]: Niavarani,A., Shahrabi Farahani,A., Sharafkhah,M. and Rassoulzadegan,M. (2018) Pancancer analysis identifies prognostic high-APOBEC1 expression level implicated in cancer in-frame insertions and deletions. Carcinogenesis, 39, 327–335. [[Niavarani_et+al_PancancerAnalysisIdentifiesPrognosticHighapobec1_2018]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Niavarani%2C%20A.%20Shahrabi%20Farahani%2C%20A.%20Sharafkhah%2C%20M.%20Rassoulzadegan%2C%20M.%20Pancancer%20analysis%20identifies%20prognostic%20high-APOBEC1%20expression%20level%20implicated%20in%20cancer%20in-frame%20insertions%20and%20deletions%202018&author=Niavarani&title=Pancancer%20analysis%20identifies%20prognostic%20high-APOBEC1%20expression%20level%20implicated%20in%20cancer%20in-frame%20insertions%20and%20deletions&year=2018) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Niavarani%2C%20A.%20Shahrabi%20Farahani%2C%20A.%20Sharafkhah%2C%20M.%20Rassoulzadegan%2C%20M.%20Pancancer%20analysis%20identifies%20prognostic%20high-APOBEC1%20expression%20level%20implicated%20in%20cancer%20in-frame%20insertions%20and%20deletions%202018) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Niavarani%2C%20A.%20Shahrabi%20Farahani%2C%20A.%20Sharafkhah%2C%20M.%20Rassoulzadegan%2C%20M.%20Pancancer%20analysis%20identifies%20prognostic%20high-APOBEC1%20expression%20level%20implicated%20in%20cancer%20in-frame%20insertions%20and%20deletions%202018)

[^17]: Yamanaka,S., Balestra,M.E., Ferrell,L.D., Fan,J., Arnold,K.S., Taylor,S., Taylor,J.M. and Innerarity,T.L. (1995) Apolipoprotein B mRNA-editing protein induces hepatocellular carcinoma and dysplasia in transgenic animals. Proc. Natl Acad. Sci. U.S.A., 92, 8483–8487. [[Yamanaka_et+al_ApolipoproteinBMrnaeditingProteinInduces_1995]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Yamanaka%2C%20S.%20Balestra%2C%20M.E.%20Ferrell%2C%20L.D.%20Fan%2C%20J.%20Apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA-editing%20protein%20induces%20hepatocellular%20carcinoma%20and%20dysplasia%20in%20transgenic%20animals%201995&author=Yamanaka&title=Apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA-editing%20protein%20induces%20hepatocellular%20carcinoma%20and%20dysplasia%20in%20transgenic%20animals&year=1995) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Yamanaka%2C%20S.%20Balestra%2C%20M.E.%20Ferrell%2C%20L.D.%20Fan%2C%20J.%20Apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA-editing%20protein%20induces%20hepatocellular%20carcinoma%20and%20dysplasia%20in%20transgenic%20animals%201995) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Yamanaka%2C%20S.%20Balestra%2C%20M.E.%20Ferrell%2C%20L.D.%20Fan%2C%20J.%20Apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA-editing%20protein%20induces%20hepatocellular%20carcinoma%20and%20dysplasia%20in%20transgenic%20animals%201995)

[^18]: Mukhopadhyay,D., Anant,S., Lee,R.M., Kennedy,S., Viskochil,D. and Davidson,N.O. (2002) C→U editing of neurofibromatosis 1 mRNA occurs in tumors that express both the type II transcript and apobec-1, the catalytic subunit of the apolipoprotein B mRNA-editing enzyme. Am. J. Hum. Genet., 70, 38–50. [[Mukhopadhyay_et+al_uEditingNeurofibromatosis1Mrna_2002]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Mukhopadhyay%2C%20D.%20Anant%2C%20S.%20Lee%2C%20R.M.%20Kennedy%2C%20S.%20C%E2%86%92U%20editing%20of%20neurofibromatosis%201%20mRNA%20occurs%20in%20tumors%20that%20express%20both%20the%20type%20II%20transcript%20and%20apobec-1%2C%20the%20catalytic%20subunit%20of%20the%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA-editing%20enzyme%202002&author=Mukhopadhyay&title=C%E2%86%92U%20editing%20of%20neurofibromatosis%201%20mRNA%20occurs%20in%20tumors%20that%20express%20both%20the%20type%20II%20transcript%20and%20apobec-1%2C%20the%20catalytic%20subunit%20of%20the%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA-editing%20enzyme&year=2002) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Mukhopadhyay%2C%20D.%20Anant%2C%20S.%20Lee%2C%20R.M.%20Kennedy%2C%20S.%20C%E2%86%92U%20editing%20of%20neurofibromatosis%201%20mRNA%20occurs%20in%20tumors%20that%20express%20both%20the%20type%20II%20transcript%20and%20apobec-1%2C%20the%20catalytic%20subunit%20of%20the%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA-editing%20enzyme%202002) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Mukhopadhyay%2C%20D.%20Anant%2C%20S.%20Lee%2C%20R.M.%20Kennedy%2C%20S.%20C%E2%86%92U%20editing%20of%20neurofibromatosis%201%20mRNA%20occurs%20in%20tumors%20that%20express%20both%20the%20type%20II%20transcript%20and%20apobec-1%2C%20the%20catalytic%20subunit%20of%20the%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA-editing%20enzyme%202002)

[^19]: Saraconi,G., Severi,F., Sala,C., Mattiuz,G. and Conticello,S.G. (2014) The RNA editing enzyme APOBEC1 induces somatic mutations and a compatible mutational signature is present in esophageal adenocarcinomas. Genome Biol., 15, 417. [[Saraconi_et+al_RnaEditingEnzymeApobec1Induces_2014]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Saraconi%2C%20G.%20Severi%2C%20F.%20Sala%2C%20C.%20Mattiuz%2C%20G.%20The%20RNA%20editing%20enzyme%20APOBEC1%20induces%20somatic%20mutations%20and%20a%20compatible%20mutational%20signature%20is%20present%20in%20esophageal%20adenocarcinomas%202014&author=Saraconi&title=The%20RNA%20editing%20enzyme%20APOBEC1%20induces%20somatic%20mutations%20and%20a%20compatible%20mutational%20signature%20is%20present%20in%20esophageal%20adenocarcinomas&year=2014) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Saraconi%2C%20G.%20Severi%2C%20F.%20Sala%2C%20C.%20Mattiuz%2C%20G.%20The%20RNA%20editing%20enzyme%20APOBEC1%20induces%20somatic%20mutations%20and%20a%20compatible%20mutational%20signature%20is%20present%20in%20esophageal%20adenocarcinomas%202014) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Saraconi%2C%20G.%20Severi%2C%20F.%20Sala%2C%20C.%20Mattiuz%2C%20G.%20The%20RNA%20editing%20enzyme%20APOBEC1%20induces%20somatic%20mutations%20and%20a%20compatible%20mutational%20signature%20is%20present%20in%20esophageal%20adenocarcinomas%202014)

[^20]: Rogozin,I.B., Roche-Lima,A., Lada,A.G., Belinky,F., Sidorenko,I.A., Glazko,G.V., Babenko,V.N., Cooper,D.N. and Pavlov,Y.I. (2019) Nucleotide weight matrices reveal ubiquitous mutational footprints of AID/APOBEC deaminases in human cancer genomes. Cancers (Basel), 11, 211. [[Rogozin_et+al_NucleotideWeightMatricesRevealUbiquitous_2019]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Rogozin%2C%20I.B.%20Roche-Lima%2C%20A.%20Lada%2C%20A.G.%20Belinky%2C%20F.%20Nucleotide%20weight%20matrices%20reveal%20ubiquitous%20mutational%20footprints%20of%20AID/APOBEC%20deaminases%20in%20human%20cancer%20genomes%202019&author=Rogozin&title=Nucleotide%20weight%20matrices%20reveal%20ubiquitous%20mutational%20footprints%20of%20AID/APOBEC%20deaminases%20in%20human%20cancer%20genomes&year=2019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Rogozin%2C%20I.B.%20Roche-Lima%2C%20A.%20Lada%2C%20A.G.%20Belinky%2C%20F.%20Nucleotide%20weight%20matrices%20reveal%20ubiquitous%20mutational%20footprints%20of%20AID/APOBEC%20deaminases%20in%20human%20cancer%20genomes%202019) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Rogozin%2C%20I.B.%20Roche-Lima%2C%20A.%20Lada%2C%20A.G.%20Belinky%2C%20F.%20Nucleotide%20weight%20matrices%20reveal%20ubiquitous%20mutational%20footprints%20of%20AID/APOBEC%20deaminases%20in%20human%20cancer%20genomes%202019)

[^21]: Prochnow,C., Bransteitter,R., Klein,M.G., Goodman,M.F. and Chen,X.S. (2007) The APOBEC-2 crystal structure and functional implications for the deaminase AID. Nature, 445, 447–451. [[Prochnow_et+al_Apobec2CrystalStructureFunctionalImplications_2007]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Prochnow%2C%20C.%20Bransteitter%2C%20R.%20Klein%2C%20M.G.%20Goodman%2C%20M.F.%20The%20APOBEC-2%20crystal%20structure%20and%20functional%20implications%20for%20the%20deaminase%20AID%202007&author=Prochnow&title=The%20APOBEC-2%20crystal%20structure%20and%20functional%20implications%20for%20the%20deaminase%20AID&year=2007) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Prochnow%2C%20C.%20Bransteitter%2C%20R.%20Klein%2C%20M.G.%20Goodman%2C%20M.F.%20The%20APOBEC-2%20crystal%20structure%20and%20functional%20implications%20for%20the%20deaminase%20AID%202007) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Prochnow%2C%20C.%20Bransteitter%2C%20R.%20Klein%2C%20M.G.%20Goodman%2C%20M.F.%20The%20APOBEC-2%20crystal%20structure%20and%20functional%20implications%20for%20the%20deaminase%20AID%202007)

[^22]: Vasudevan,A.A., Smits,S.H., Hoppner,A., Haussinger,D., Koenig,B.W. and Munk,C. (2013) Structural features of antiviral DNA cytidine deaminases. Biol. Chem., 394, 1357–1370. [[Vasudevan_et+al_StructuralFeaturesAntiviralDnaCytidine_2013]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Vasudevan%2C%20A.A.%20Smits%2C%20S.H.%20Hoppner%2C%20A.%20Haussinger%2C%20D.%20Structural%20features%20of%20antiviral%20DNA%20cytidine%20deaminases%202013&author=Vasudevan&title=Structural%20features%20of%20antiviral%20DNA%20cytidine%20deaminases&year=2013) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Vasudevan%2C%20A.A.%20Smits%2C%20S.H.%20Hoppner%2C%20A.%20Haussinger%2C%20D.%20Structural%20features%20of%20antiviral%20DNA%20cytidine%20deaminases%202013) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Vasudevan%2C%20A.A.%20Smits%2C%20S.H.%20Hoppner%2C%20A.%20Haussinger%2C%20D.%20Structural%20features%20of%20antiviral%20DNA%20cytidine%20deaminases%202013)

[^23]: Navaratnam,N., Morrison,J.R., Bhattacharya,S., Patel,D., Funahashi,T., Giannoni,F., Teng,B.B., Davidson,N.O. and Scott,J. (1993) The p27 catalytic subunit of the apolipoprotein B mRNA editing enzyme is a cytidine deaminase. J. Biol. Chem., 268, 20709–20712. [[Navaratnam_et+al_P27CatalyticSubunitApolipoproteinB_1993]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Navaratnam%2C%20N.%20Morrison%2C%20J.R.%20Bhattacharya%2C%20S.%20Patel%2C%20D.%20The%20p27%20catalytic%20subunit%20of%20the%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20enzyme%20is%20a%20cytidine%20deaminase%201993&author=Navaratnam&title=The%20p27%20catalytic%20subunit%20of%20the%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20enzyme%20is%20a%20cytidine%20deaminase&year=1993) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Navaratnam%2C%20N.%20Morrison%2C%20J.R.%20Bhattacharya%2C%20S.%20Patel%2C%20D.%20The%20p27%20catalytic%20subunit%20of%20the%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20enzyme%20is%20a%20cytidine%20deaminase%201993) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Navaratnam%2C%20N.%20Morrison%2C%20J.R.%20Bhattacharya%2C%20S.%20Patel%2C%20D.%20The%20p27%20catalytic%20subunit%20of%20the%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20enzyme%20is%20a%20cytidine%20deaminase%201993)

[^24]: Sharma,S., Patnaik,S.K., Taggart,R.T. and Baysal,B.E. (2016) The double-domain cytidine deaminase APOBEC3G is a cellular site-specific RNA editing enzyme. Sci. Rep., 6, 39100. [[Sharma_et+al_DoubledomainCytidineDeaminaseApobec3gCellular_2016]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Sharma%2C%20S.%20Patnaik%2C%20S.K.%20Taggart%2C%20R.T.%20Baysal%2C%20B.E.%20The%20double-domain%20cytidine%20deaminase%20APOBEC3G%20is%20a%20cellular%20site-specific%20RNA%20editing%20enzyme%202016&author=Sharma&title=The%20double-domain%20cytidine%20deaminase%20APOBEC3G%20is%20a%20cellular%20site-specific%20RNA%20editing%20enzyme&year=2016) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Sharma%2C%20S.%20Patnaik%2C%20S.K.%20Taggart%2C%20R.T.%20Baysal%2C%20B.E.%20The%20double-domain%20cytidine%20deaminase%20APOBEC3G%20is%20a%20cellular%20site-specific%20RNA%20editing%20enzyme%202016) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Sharma%2C%20S.%20Patnaik%2C%20S.K.%20Taggart%2C%20R.T.%20Baysal%2C%20B.E.%20The%20double-domain%20cytidine%20deaminase%20APOBEC3G%20is%20a%20cellular%20site-specific%20RNA%20editing%20enzyme%202016)

[^25]: Sharma,S., Patnaik,S.K., Taggart,R.T., Kannisto,E.D., Enriquez,S.M., Gollnick,P. and Baysal,B.E. (2015) APOBEC3A cytidine deaminase induces RNA editing in monocytes and macrophages. Nat. Commun., 6, 6881. [[Sharma_et+al_Apobec3aCytidineDeaminaseInducesRna_2015]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Sharma%2C%20S.%20Patnaik%2C%20S.K.%20Taggart%2C%20R.T.%20Kannisto%2C%20E.D.%20APOBEC3A%20cytidine%20deaminase%20induces%20RNA%20editing%20in%20monocytes%20and%20macrophages%202015&author=Sharma&title=APOBEC3A%20cytidine%20deaminase%20induces%20RNA%20editing%20in%20monocytes%20and%20macrophages&year=2015) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Sharma%2C%20S.%20Patnaik%2C%20S.K.%20Taggart%2C%20R.T.%20Kannisto%2C%20E.D.%20APOBEC3A%20cytidine%20deaminase%20induces%20RNA%20editing%20in%20monocytes%20and%20macrophages%202015) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Sharma%2C%20S.%20Patnaik%2C%20S.K.%20Taggart%2C%20R.T.%20Kannisto%2C%20E.D.%20APOBEC3A%20cytidine%20deaminase%20induces%20RNA%20editing%20in%20monocytes%20and%20macrophages%202015)

[^26]: Meier,J.C., Henneberger,C., Melnick,I., Racca,C., Harvey,R.J., Heinemann,U., Schmieden,V. and Grantyn,R. (2005) RNA editing produces glycine receptor ␣3P185L, resulting in high agonist potency. Nat. Neurosci., 8, 736–744. [[Meier_et+al_RnaEditingProducesGlycineReceptor_2005]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Meier%2C%20J.C.%20Henneberger%2C%20C.%20Melnick%2C%20I.%20Racca%2C%20C.%20RNA%20editing%20produces%20glycine%20receptor%20%E2%90%A33P185L%2C%20resulting%20in%20high%20agonist%20potency%202005&author=Meier&title=RNA%20editing%20produces%20glycine%20receptor%20%E2%90%A33P185L%2C%20resulting%20in%20high%20agonist%20potency&year=2005) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Meier%2C%20J.C.%20Henneberger%2C%20C.%20Melnick%2C%20I.%20Racca%2C%20C.%20RNA%20editing%20produces%20glycine%20receptor%20%E2%90%A33P185L%2C%20resulting%20in%20high%20agonist%20potency%202005) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Meier%2C%20J.C.%20Henneberger%2C%20C.%20Melnick%2C%20I.%20Racca%2C%20C.%20RNA%20editing%20produces%20glycine%20receptor%20%E2%90%A33P185L%2C%20resulting%20in%20high%20agonist%20potency%202005)

[^27]: Skuse,G.R., Cappione,A.J., Sowden,M., Metheny,L.J. and Smith,H.C. (1996) The neurofibromatosis type I messenger RNA undergoes base-modification RNA editing. Nucleic Acids Res., 24, 478–485. [[Skuse_et+al_NeurofibromatosisTypeIMessengerRna_1996]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Skuse%2C%20G.R.%20Cappione%2C%20A.J.%20Sowden%2C%20M.%20Metheny%2C%20L.J.%20The%20neurofibromatosis%20type%20I%20messenger%20RNA%20undergoes%20base-modification%20RNA%20editing%201996&author=Skuse&title=The%20neurofibromatosis%20type%20I%20messenger%20RNA%20undergoes%20base-modification%20RNA%20editing&year=1996) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Skuse%2C%20G.R.%20Cappione%2C%20A.J.%20Sowden%2C%20M.%20Metheny%2C%20L.J.%20The%20neurofibromatosis%20type%20I%20messenger%20RNA%20undergoes%20base-modification%20RNA%20editing%201996) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Skuse%2C%20G.R.%20Cappione%2C%20A.J.%20Sowden%2C%20M.%20Metheny%2C%20L.J.%20The%20neurofibromatosis%20type%20I%20messenger%20RNA%20undergoes%20base-modification%20RNA%20editing%201996)

[^28]: Blanc,V., Park,E., Schaefer,S., Miller,M., Lin,Y., Kennedy,S., Billing,A.M., Hamidane,H.B., Graumann,J., Mortazavi,A. et al. (2014) Genome-wide identification and functional analysis of Apobec-1-mediated C-to-U RNA editing in mouse small intestine and liver. Genome Biol., 15, R79. [[Blanc_et+al_GenomewideIdentificationFunctionalAnalysisApobec1mediated_2014]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Blanc%2C%20V.%20Park%2C%20E.%20Schaefer%2C%20S.%20Miller%2C%20M.%20Genome-wide%20identification%20and%20functional%20analysis%20of%20Apobec-1-mediated%20C-to-U%20RNA%20editing%20in%20mouse%20small%20intestine%20and%20liver%202014&author=Blanc&title=Genome-wide%20identification%20and%20functional%20analysis%20of%20Apobec-1-mediated%20C-to-U%20RNA%20editing%20in%20mouse%20small%20intestine%20and%20liver&year=2014) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Blanc%2C%20V.%20Park%2C%20E.%20Schaefer%2C%20S.%20Miller%2C%20M.%20Genome-wide%20identification%20and%20functional%20analysis%20of%20Apobec-1-mediated%20C-to-U%20RNA%20editing%20in%20mouse%20small%20intestine%20and%20liver%202014) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Blanc%2C%20V.%20Park%2C%20E.%20Schaefer%2C%20S.%20Miller%2C%20M.%20Genome-wide%20identification%20and%20functional%20analysis%20of%20Apobec-1-mediated%20C-to-U%20RNA%20editing%20in%20mouse%20small%20intestine%20and%20liver%202014)

[^29]: Rosenberg,B.R., Hamilton,C.E., Mwangi,M.M., Dewell,S. and Papavasiliou,F.N. (2011) Transcriptome-wide sequencing reveals numerous APOBEC1 mRNA-editing targets in transcript 3 UTRs. Nat. Struct. Mol. Biol., 18, 230–238. [[Rosenberg_et+al_TranscriptomewideSequencingRevealsNumerousApobec1_2011]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Rosenberg%2C%20B.R.%20Hamilton%2C%20C.E.%20Mwangi%2C%20M.M.%20Dewell%2C%20S.%20Transcriptome-wide%20sequencing%20reveals%20numerous%20APOBEC1%20mRNA-editing%20targets%20in%20transcript%203%20UTRs%202011&author=Rosenberg&title=Transcriptome-wide%20sequencing%20reveals%20numerous%20APOBEC1%20mRNA-editing%20targets%20in%20transcript%203%20UTRs&year=2011) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Rosenberg%2C%20B.R.%20Hamilton%2C%20C.E.%20Mwangi%2C%20M.M.%20Dewell%2C%20S.%20Transcriptome-wide%20sequencing%20reveals%20numerous%20APOBEC1%20mRNA-editing%20targets%20in%20transcript%203%20UTRs%202011) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Rosenberg%2C%20B.R.%20Hamilton%2C%20C.E.%20Mwangi%2C%20M.M.%20Dewell%2C%20S.%20Transcriptome-wide%20sequencing%20reveals%20numerous%20APOBEC1%20mRNA-editing%20targets%20in%20transcript%203%20UTRs%202011)

[^30]: Mehta,A., Kinter,M.T., Sherman,N.E. and Driscoll,D.M. (2000) Molecular cloning of apobec-1 complementation factor, a novel RNA-binding protein involved in the editing of apolipoprotein B mRNA. Mol. Cell. Biol., 20, 1846–1854. [[Mehta_et+al_MolecularCloningApobec1ComplementationFactor_2000]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Mehta%2C%20A.%20Kinter%2C%20M.T.%20Sherman%2C%20N.E.%20Driscoll%2C%20D.M.%20Molecular%20cloning%20of%20apobec-1%20complementation%20factor%2C%20a%20novel%20RNA-binding%20protein%20involved%20in%20the%20editing%20of%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%202000&author=Mehta&title=Molecular%20cloning%20of%20apobec-1%20complementation%20factor%2C%20a%20novel%20RNA-binding%20protein%20involved%20in%20the%20editing%20of%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA&year=2000) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Mehta%2C%20A.%20Kinter%2C%20M.T.%20Sherman%2C%20N.E.%20Driscoll%2C%20D.M.%20Molecular%20cloning%20of%20apobec-1%20complementation%20factor%2C%20a%20novel%20RNA-binding%20protein%20involved%20in%20the%20editing%20of%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%202000) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Mehta%2C%20A.%20Kinter%2C%20M.T.%20Sherman%2C%20N.E.%20Driscoll%2C%20D.M.%20Molecular%20cloning%20of%20apobec-1%20complementation%20factor%2C%20a%20novel%20RNA-binding%20protein%20involved%20in%20the%20editing%20of%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%202000)

[^31]: Fossat,N., Tourle,K., Radziewic,T., Barratt,K., Liebhold,D., Studdert,J.B., Power,M., Jones,V., Loebel,D.A.F. and Tam,P.P.L. (2014) C to U RNA editing mediated by APOBEC1 requires RNA-binding protein RBM47. EMBO Rep., 15, 903–910. [[Fossat_et+al_URnaEditingMediatedApobec1_2014]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Fossat%2C%20N.%20Tourle%2C%20K.%20Radziewic%2C%20T.%20Barratt%2C%20K.%20C%20to%20U%20RNA%20editing%20mediated%20by%20APOBEC1%20requires%20RNA-binding%20protein%20RBM47%202014&author=Fossat&title=C%20to%20U%20RNA%20editing%20mediated%20by%20APOBEC1%20requires%20RNA-binding%20protein%20RBM47&year=2014) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Fossat%2C%20N.%20Tourle%2C%20K.%20Radziewic%2C%20T.%20Barratt%2C%20K.%20C%20to%20U%20RNA%20editing%20mediated%20by%20APOBEC1%20requires%20RNA-binding%20protein%20RBM47%202014) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Fossat%2C%20N.%20Tourle%2C%20K.%20Radziewic%2C%20T.%20Barratt%2C%20K.%20C%20to%20U%20RNA%20editing%20mediated%20by%20APOBEC1%20requires%20RNA-binding%20protein%20RBM47%202014)

[^32]: Blanc,V., Xie,Y., Kennedy,S., Riordan,J.D., Rubin,D.C., Madison,B.B., Mills,J.C., Nadeau,J.H. and Davidson,N.O. (2019) APOBEC1 complementation factor (A1CF) and RBM47 interact in tissue-specific regulation of C to U RNA editing in mouse intestine and liver. RNA, 25, 70–81. [[Blanc_et+al_Apobec1ComplementationFactora1cfRbm47_2019]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Blanc%2C%20V.%20Xie%2C%20Y.%20Kennedy%2C%20S.%20Riordan%2C%20J.D.%20APOBEC1%20complementation%20factor%20%28A1CF%29%20and%20RBM47%20interact%20in%20tissue-specific%20regulation%20of%20C%20to%20U%20RNA%20editing%20in%20mouse%20intestine%20and%20liver%202019&author=Blanc&title=APOBEC1%20complementation%20factor%20%28A1CF%29%20and%20RBM47%20interact%20in%20tissue-specific%20regulation%20of%20C%20to%20U%20RNA%20editing%20in%20mouse%20intestine%20and%20liver&year=2019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Blanc%2C%20V.%20Xie%2C%20Y.%20Kennedy%2C%20S.%20Riordan%2C%20J.D.%20APOBEC1%20complementation%20factor%20%28A1CF%29%20and%20RBM47%20interact%20in%20tissue-specific%20regulation%20of%20C%20to%20U%20RNA%20editing%20in%20mouse%20intestine%20and%20liver%202019) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Blanc%2C%20V.%20Xie%2C%20Y.%20Kennedy%2C%20S.%20Riordan%2C%20J.D.%20APOBEC1%20complementation%20factor%20%28A1CF%29%20and%20RBM47%20interact%20in%20tissue-specific%20regulation%20of%20C%20to%20U%20RNA%20editing%20in%20mouse%20intestine%20and%20liver%202019)

[^33]: Wolfe,A.D., Arnold,D.B. and Chen,X. (2019) Comparison of RNA editing activity of APOBEC1–A1CF and APOBEC1–RBM47 complexes reconstituted in HEK293T cells. J. Mol. Biol., 431, 1506–1517. [[Wolfe_et+al_ComparisonRnaEditingActivityApobec1a1cf_2019]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Wolfe%2C%20A.D.%20Arnold%2C%20D.B.%20Chen%2C%20X.%20Comparison%20of%20RNA%20editing%20activity%20of%20APOBEC1%E2%80%93A1CF%20and%20APOBEC1%E2%80%93RBM47%20complexes%20reconstituted%20in%20HEK293T%20cells%202019&author=Wolfe&title=Comparison%20of%20RNA%20editing%20activity%20of%20APOBEC1%E2%80%93A1CF%20and%20APOBEC1%E2%80%93RBM47%20complexes%20reconstituted%20in%20HEK293T%20cells&year=2019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Wolfe%2C%20A.D.%20Arnold%2C%20D.B.%20Chen%2C%20X.%20Comparison%20of%20RNA%20editing%20activity%20of%20APOBEC1%E2%80%93A1CF%20and%20APOBEC1%E2%80%93RBM47%20complexes%20reconstituted%20in%20HEK293T%20cells%202019) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Wolfe%2C%20A.D.%20Arnold%2C%20D.B.%20Chen%2C%20X.%20Comparison%20of%20RNA%20editing%20activity%20of%20APOBEC1%E2%80%93A1CF%20and%20APOBEC1%E2%80%93RBM47%20complexes%20reconstituted%20in%20HEK293T%20cells%202019)

[^34]: Fossat,N., Radziewic,T., Jones,V., Tourle,K. and Tam,P.P. (2016) Conditional restoration and inactivation of Rbm47 reveal its tissue-context requirement for viability and growth. Genesis, 54, 115–122. [[Fossat_et+al_ConditionalRestorationInactivationRbm47Reveal_2016]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Fossat%2C%20N.%20Radziewic%2C%20T.%20Jones%2C%20V.%20Tourle%2C%20K.%20Conditional%20restoration%20and%20inactivation%20of%20Rbm47%20reveal%20its%20tissue-context%20requirement%20for%20viability%20and%20growth%202016&author=Fossat&title=Conditional%20restoration%20and%20inactivation%20of%20Rbm47%20reveal%20its%20tissue-context%20requirement%20for%20viability%20and%20growth&year=2016) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Fossat%2C%20N.%20Radziewic%2C%20T.%20Jones%2C%20V.%20Tourle%2C%20K.%20Conditional%20restoration%20and%20inactivation%20of%20Rbm47%20reveal%20its%20tissue-context%20requirement%20for%20viability%20and%20growth%202016) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Fossat%2C%20N.%20Radziewic%2C%20T.%20Jones%2C%20V.%20Tourle%2C%20K.%20Conditional%20restoration%20and%20inactivation%20of%20Rbm47%20reveal%20its%20tissue-context%20requirement%20for%20viability%20and%20growth%202016)

[^35]: Snyder,E.M., McCarty,C., Mehalow,A., Svenson,K.L., Murray,S.A., Korstanje,R. and Braun,R.E. (2017) APOBEC1 complementation factor (A1CF) is dispensable for C-to-U RNA editing in vivo. RNA, 23, 457–465. [[Snyder_et+al_Apobec1ComplementationFactora1cfDispensable_2017]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Snyder%2C%20E.M.%20McCarty%2C%20C.%20Mehalow%2C%20A.%20Svenson%2C%20K.L.%20APOBEC1%20complementation%20factor%20%28A1CF%29%20is%20dispensable%20for%20C-to-U%20RNA%20editing%20in%20vivo%202017&author=Snyder&title=APOBEC1%20complementation%20factor%20%28A1CF%29%20is%20dispensable%20for%20C-to-U%20RNA%20editing%20in%20vivo&year=2017) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Snyder%2C%20E.M.%20McCarty%2C%20C.%20Mehalow%2C%20A.%20Svenson%2C%20K.L.%20APOBEC1%20complementation%20factor%20%28A1CF%29%20is%20dispensable%20for%20C-to-U%20RNA%20editing%20in%20vivo%202017) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Snyder%2C%20E.M.%20McCarty%2C%20C.%20Mehalow%2C%20A.%20Svenson%2C%20K.L.%20APOBEC1%20complementation%20factor%20%28A1CF%29%20is%20dispensable%20for%20C-to-U%20RNA%20editing%20in%20vivo%202017)

[^36]: Kim,Y.E., Won,M., Lee,S.G., Park,C., Song,C.H. and Kim,K.K. (2019) RBM47-regulated alternative splicing of TJP1 promotes actin stress fiber assembly during epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition. Oncogene, 38, 6521–6536. [[Kim_et+al_Rbm47regulatedAlternativeSplicingTjp1Promotes_2019]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Kim%2C%20Y.E.%20Won%2C%20M.%20Lee%2C%20S.G.%20Park%2C%20C.%20RBM47-regulated%20alternative%20splicing%20of%20TJP1%20promotes%20actin%20stress%20fiber%20assembly%20during%20epithelial-to-mesenchymal%20transition%202019&author=Kim&title=RBM47-regulated%20alternative%20splicing%20of%20TJP1%20promotes%20actin%20stress%20fiber%20assembly%20during%20epithelial-to-mesenchymal%20transition&year=2019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Kim%2C%20Y.E.%20Won%2C%20M.%20Lee%2C%20S.G.%20Park%2C%20C.%20RBM47-regulated%20alternative%20splicing%20of%20TJP1%20promotes%20actin%20stress%20fiber%20assembly%20during%20epithelial-to-mesenchymal%20transition%202019) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Kim%2C%20Y.E.%20Won%2C%20M.%20Lee%2C%20S.G.%20Park%2C%20C.%20RBM47-regulated%20alternative%20splicing%20of%20TJP1%20promotes%20actin%20stress%20fiber%20assembly%20during%20epithelial-to-mesenchymal%20transition%202019)

[^37]: Radine,C., Peters,D., Reese,A., Neuwahl,J., Budach,W., Janicke,R.U. and Sohn,D. (2020) The RNA-binding protein RBM47 is a novel regulator of cell fate decisions by transcriptionally controlling the p53–p21-axis. Cell Death Differ., 27, 1274–1285. [[Radine_et+al_RnabindingProteinRbm47NovelRegulator_2020]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Radine%2C%20C.%20Peters%2C%20D.%20Reese%2C%20A.%20Neuwahl%2C%20J.%20The%20RNA-binding%20protein%20RBM47%20is%20a%20novel%20regulator%20of%20cell%20fate%20decisions%20by%20transcriptionally%20controlling%20the%20p53%E2%80%93p21-axis%202020&author=Radine&title=The%20RNA-binding%20protein%20RBM47%20is%20a%20novel%20regulator%20of%20cell%20fate%20decisions%20by%20transcriptionally%20controlling%20the%20p53%E2%80%93p21-axis&year=2020) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Radine%2C%20C.%20Peters%2C%20D.%20Reese%2C%20A.%20Neuwahl%2C%20J.%20The%20RNA-binding%20protein%20RBM47%20is%20a%20novel%20regulator%20of%20cell%20fate%20decisions%20by%20transcriptionally%20controlling%20the%20p53%E2%80%93p21-axis%202020) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Radine%2C%20C.%20Peters%2C%20D.%20Reese%2C%20A.%20Neuwahl%2C%20J.%20The%20RNA-binding%20protein%20RBM47%20is%20a%20novel%20regulator%20of%20cell%20fate%20decisions%20by%20transcriptionally%20controlling%20the%20p53%E2%80%93p21-axis%202020)

[^38]: Rokavec,M., Kaller,M., Horst,D. and Hermeking,H. (2017) Pan-cancer EMT-signature identifies RBM47 down-regulation during colorectal cancer progression. Sci. Rep., 7, 4687. [[Rokavec_et+al_cancerEmtsignatureIdentifiesRbm47Downregulation_2017]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Rokavec%2C%20M.%20Kaller%2C%20M.%20Horst%2C%20D.%20Hermeking%2C%20H.%20Pan-cancer%20EMT-signature%20identifies%20RBM47%20down-regulation%20during%20colorectal%20cancer%20progression%202017&author=Rokavec&title=Pan-cancer%20EMT-signature%20identifies%20RBM47%20down-regulation%20during%20colorectal%20cancer%20progression&year=2017) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Rokavec%2C%20M.%20Kaller%2C%20M.%20Horst%2C%20D.%20Hermeking%2C%20H.%20Pan-cancer%20EMT-signature%20identifies%20RBM47%20down-regulation%20during%20colorectal%20cancer%20progression%202017) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Rokavec%2C%20M.%20Kaller%2C%20M.%20Horst%2C%20D.%20Hermeking%2C%20H.%20Pan-cancer%20EMT-signature%20identifies%20RBM47%20down-regulation%20during%20colorectal%20cancer%20progression%202017)

[^39]: Ito,F., Fu,Y., Kao,S.C.A., Yang,H. and Chen,X.S. (2017) Family-wide comparative analysis of cytidine and methylcytidine deamination by eleven human APOBEC proteins. J. Mol. Biol., 429, 1787–1799. [[Ito_et+al_FamilywideComparativeAnalysisCytidineMethylcytidine_2017]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Ito%2C%20F.%20Fu%2C%20Y.%20Kao%2C%20S.C.A.%20Yang%2C%20H.%20Family-wide%20comparative%20analysis%20of%20cytidine%20and%20methylcytidine%20deamination%20by%20eleven%20human%20APOBEC%20proteins%202017&author=Ito&title=Family-wide%20comparative%20analysis%20of%20cytidine%20and%20methylcytidine%20deamination%20by%20eleven%20human%20APOBEC%20proteins&year=2017) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Ito%2C%20F.%20Fu%2C%20Y.%20Kao%2C%20S.C.A.%20Yang%2C%20H.%20Family-wide%20comparative%20analysis%20of%20cytidine%20and%20methylcytidine%20deamination%20by%20eleven%20human%20APOBEC%20proteins%202017) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Ito%2C%20F.%20Fu%2C%20Y.%20Kao%2C%20S.C.A.%20Yang%2C%20H.%20Family-wide%20comparative%20analysis%20of%20cytidine%20and%20methylcytidine%20deamination%20by%20eleven%20human%20APOBEC%20proteins%202017)

[^40]: Krishnan,A., Iyer,L.M., Holland,S.J., Boehm,T. and Aravind,L. (2018) Diversification of AID/APOBEC-like deaminases in metazoa: multiplicity of clades and widespread roles in immunity. Proc. Natl Acad. Sci. U.S.A., 4, 201720897. [[Krishnan_et+al_DiversificationAidapobeclikeDeaminasesMetazoaMultiplicity_2018]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Krishnan%2C%20A.%20Iyer%2C%20L.M.%20Holland%2C%20S.J.%20Boehm%2C%20T.%20Diversification%20of%20AID/APOBEC-like%20deaminases%20in%20metazoa%3A%20multiplicity%20of%20clades%20and%20widespread%20roles%20in%20immunity%202018&author=Krishnan&title=Diversification%20of%20AID/APOBEC-like%20deaminases%20in%20metazoa%3A%20multiplicity%20of%20clades%20and%20widespread%20roles%20in%20immunity&year=2018) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Krishnan%2C%20A.%20Iyer%2C%20L.M.%20Holland%2C%20S.J.%20Boehm%2C%20T.%20Diversification%20of%20AID/APOBEC-like%20deaminases%20in%20metazoa%3A%20multiplicity%20of%20clades%20and%20widespread%20roles%20in%20immunity%202018) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Krishnan%2C%20A.%20Iyer%2C%20L.M.%20Holland%2C%20S.J.%20Boehm%2C%20T.%20Diversification%20of%20AID/APOBEC-like%20deaminases%20in%20metazoa%3A%20multiplicity%20of%20clades%20and%20widespread%20roles%20in%20immunity%202018)

[^41]: Severi,F., Chicca,A. and Conticello,S.G. (2011) Analysis of reptilian APOBEC1 suggests that RNA editing may not be its ancestral function. Mol. Biol. Evol., 28, 1125–1129. [[Severi_et+al_AnalysisReptilianApobec1SuggestsThat_2011]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Severi%2C%20F.%20Chicca%2C%20A.%20Conticello%2C%20S.G.%20Analysis%20of%20reptilian%20APOBEC1%20suggests%20that%20RNA%20editing%20may%20not%20be%20its%20ancestral%20function%202011&author=Severi&title=Analysis%20of%20reptilian%20APOBEC1%20suggests%20that%20RNA%20editing%20may%20not%20be%20its%20ancestral%20function&year=2011) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Severi%2C%20F.%20Chicca%2C%20A.%20Conticello%2C%20S.G.%20Analysis%20of%20reptilian%20APOBEC1%20suggests%20that%20RNA%20editing%20may%20not%20be%20its%20ancestral%20function%202011) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Severi%2C%20F.%20Chicca%2C%20A.%20Conticello%2C%20S.G.%20Analysis%20of%20reptilian%20APOBEC1%20suggests%20that%20RNA%20editing%20may%20not%20be%20its%20ancestral%20function%202011)

[^42]: Lau,P.P., Zhu,H.J., Baldini,A., Charnsangavej,C. and Chan,L. (1994) Dimeric structure of a human apolipoprotein B mRNA editing protein and cloning and chromosomal localization of its gene. Proc. Natl Acad. Sci. U.S.A., 91, 8522–8526. [[Lau_et+al_DimericStructureHumanApolipoproteinB_1994]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Lau%2C%20P.P.%20Zhu%2C%20H.J.%20Baldini%2C%20A.%20Charnsangavej%2C%20C.%20Dimeric%20structure%20of%20a%20human%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20protein%20and%20cloning%20and%20chromosomal%20localization%20of%20its%20gene%201994&author=Lau&title=Dimeric%20structure%20of%20a%20human%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20protein%20and%20cloning%20and%20chromosomal%20localization%20of%20its%20gene&year=1994) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Lau%2C%20P.P.%20Zhu%2C%20H.J.%20Baldini%2C%20A.%20Charnsangavej%2C%20C.%20Dimeric%20structure%20of%20a%20human%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20protein%20and%20cloning%20and%20chromosomal%20localization%20of%20its%20gene%201994) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Lau%2C%20P.P.%20Zhu%2C%20H.J.%20Baldini%2C%20A.%20Charnsangavej%2C%20C.%20Dimeric%20structure%20of%20a%20human%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20protein%20and%20cloning%20and%20chromosomal%20localization%20of%20its%20gene%201994)

[^43]: Teng,B.B., Ochsner,S., Zhang,Q., Soman,K.V., Lau,P.P. and Chan,L. (1999) Mutational analysis of apolipoprotein B mRNA editing enzyme (APOBEC1): structure–function relationships of RNA editing and dimerization. J. Lipid Res., 40, 623–635. [[Teng_et+al_MutationalAnalysisApolipoproteinBMrna_1999]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Teng%2C%20B.B.%20Ochsner%2C%20S.%20Zhang%2C%20Q.%20Soman%2C%20K.V.%20Mutational%20analysis%20of%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20enzyme%20%28APOBEC1%29%3A%20structure%E2%80%93function%20relationships%20of%20RNA%20editing%20and%20dimerization%201999&author=Teng&title=Mutational%20analysis%20of%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20enzyme%20%28APOBEC1%29%3A%20structure%E2%80%93function%20relationships%20of%20RNA%20editing%20and%20dimerization&year=1999) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Teng%2C%20B.B.%20Ochsner%2C%20S.%20Zhang%2C%20Q.%20Soman%2C%20K.V.%20Mutational%20analysis%20of%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20enzyme%20%28APOBEC1%29%3A%20structure%E2%80%93function%20relationships%20of%20RNA%20editing%20and%20dimerization%201999) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Teng%2C%20B.B.%20Ochsner%2C%20S.%20Zhang%2C%20Q.%20Soman%2C%20K.V.%20Mutational%20analysis%20of%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20enzyme%20%28APOBEC1%29%3A%20structure%E2%80%93function%20relationships%20of%20RNA%20editing%20and%20dimerization%201999)

[^44]: Chieca,M., Montini,M., Severi,F., Pecori,R. and Conticello,S.G. (2018) Dimerisation of APOBEC1 is dispensable for its RNA editing activity. bioRxiv doi:https://doi.org/10.1101/410803, 06 September 2018,preprint: not peer reviewed. [[Chieca_et+al_DimerisationApobec1DispensableRnaEditing_2018]] [OA](https://doi.org/10.1101/410803)  [Scite](https://scite.ai/reports/10.1101/410803)

[^45]: Maris,C., Masse,J., Chester,A., Navaratnam,N. and Allain,F.H.-T. (2005) NMR structure of the apoB mRNA stem-loop and its interaction with the C to U editing APOBEC1 complementary factor. RNA, 11, 173–186. [[Maris_et+al_NmrStructureApobMrnaStemloop_2005]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Maris%2C%20C.%20Masse%2C%20J.%20Chester%2C%20A.%20Navaratnam%2C%20N.%20NMR%20structure%20of%20the%20apoB%20mRNA%20stem-loop%20and%20its%20interaction%20with%20the%20C%20to%20U%20editing%20APOBEC1%20complementary%20factor%202005&author=Maris&title=NMR%20structure%20of%20the%20apoB%20mRNA%20stem-loop%20and%20its%20interaction%20with%20the%20C%20to%20U%20editing%20APOBEC1%20complementary%20factor&year=2005) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Maris%2C%20C.%20Masse%2C%20J.%20Chester%2C%20A.%20Navaratnam%2C%20N.%20NMR%20structure%20of%20the%20apoB%20mRNA%20stem-loop%20and%20its%20interaction%20with%20the%20C%20to%20U%20editing%20APOBEC1%20complementary%20factor%202005) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Maris%2C%20C.%20Masse%2C%20J.%20Chester%2C%20A.%20Navaratnam%2C%20N.%20NMR%20structure%20of%20the%20apoB%20mRNA%20stem-loop%20and%20its%20interaction%20with%20the%20C%20to%20U%20editing%20APOBEC1%20complementary%20factor%202005)

[^46]: Grunewald,J., Zhou,R., Garcia,S.P., Iyer,S., Lareau,C.A., Aryee,M.J. and Joung,J.K. (2019) Transcriptome-wide off-target RNA editing induced by CRISPR-guided DNA base editors. Nature, 569, 433–437. [[Grunewald_et+al_TranscriptomewidetargetRnaEditingInduced_2019]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Grunewald%2C%20J.%20Zhou%2C%20R.%20Garcia%2C%20S.P.%20Iyer%2C%20S.%20Transcriptome-wide%20off-target%20RNA%20editing%20induced%20by%20CRISPR-guided%20DNA%20base%20editors%202019&author=Grunewald&title=Transcriptome-wide%20off-target%20RNA%20editing%20induced%20by%20CRISPR-guided%20DNA%20base%20editors&year=2019) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Grunewald%2C%20J.%20Zhou%2C%20R.%20Garcia%2C%20S.P.%20Iyer%2C%20S.%20Transcriptome-wide%20off-target%20RNA%20editing%20induced%20by%20CRISPR-guided%20DNA%20base%20editors%202019) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Grunewald%2C%20J.%20Zhou%2C%20R.%20Garcia%2C%20S.P.%20Iyer%2C%20S.%20Transcriptome-wide%20off-target%20RNA%20editing%20induced%20by%20CRISPR-guided%20DNA%20base%20editors%202019)

[^47]: Bienert,S., Waterhouse,A., De Beer,T.A.P., Tauriello,G., Studer,G., Bordoli,L. and Schwede,T. (2017) The SWISS-MODEL Repository: new features and functionality. Nucleic Acids Res., 45, D313–D319. [[Bienert_et+al_SwissmodelRepositoryFeaturesFunctionality_2017]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Bienert%2C%20S.%20Waterhouse%2C%20A.%20Beer%2C%20T.A.P.%20Tauriello%2C%20G.%20The%20SWISS-MODEL%20Repository%3A%20new%20features%20and%20functionality%202017&author=Bienert&title=The%20SWISS-MODEL%20Repository%3A%20new%20features%20and%20functionality&year=2017) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Bienert%2C%20S.%20Waterhouse%2C%20A.%20Beer%2C%20T.A.P.%20Tauriello%2C%20G.%20The%20SWISS-MODEL%20Repository%3A%20new%20features%20and%20functionality%202017) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Bienert%2C%20S.%20Waterhouse%2C%20A.%20Beer%2C%20T.A.P.%20Tauriello%2C%20G.%20The%20SWISS-MODEL%20Repository%3A%20new%20features%20and%20functionality%202017)

[^48]: Guex,N., Peitsch,M.C. and Schwede,T. (2009) Automated comparative protein structure modeling with SWISS-MODEL and Swiss-PdbViewer: a historical perspective. Electrophoresis, 30, S162–S173. [[Guex_et+al_AutomatedComparativeProteinStructureModeling_2009]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Guex%2C%20N.%20Peitsch%2C%20M.C.%20Schwede%2C%20T.%20Automated%20comparative%20protein%20structure%20modeling%20with%20SWISS-MODEL%20and%20Swiss-PdbViewer%3A%20a%20historical%20perspective%202009&author=Guex&title=Automated%20comparative%20protein%20structure%20modeling%20with%20SWISS-MODEL%20and%20Swiss-PdbViewer%3A%20a%20historical%20perspective&year=2009) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Guex%2C%20N.%20Peitsch%2C%20M.C.%20Schwede%2C%20T.%20Automated%20comparative%20protein%20structure%20modeling%20with%20SWISS-MODEL%20and%20Swiss-PdbViewer%3A%20a%20historical%20perspective%202009) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Guex%2C%20N.%20Peitsch%2C%20M.C.%20Schwede%2C%20T.%20Automated%20comparative%20protein%20structure%20modeling%20with%20SWISS-MODEL%20and%20Swiss-PdbViewer%3A%20a%20historical%20perspective%202009)

[^49]: Waterhouse,A., Bertoni,M., Bienert,S., Studer,G., Tauriello,G., Gumienny,R., Heer,F.T., De Beer,T.A.P., Rempfer,C., Bordoli,L. et al. (2018) SWISS-MODEL: homology modelling of protein structures and complexes. Nucleic Acids Res., 46, W296–W303. [[Waterhouse_et+al_SwissmodelHomologyModellingProteinStructures_2018]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Waterhouse%2C%20A.%20Bertoni%2C%20M.%20Bienert%2C%20S.%20Studer%2C%20G.%20SWISS-MODEL%3A%20homology%20modelling%20of%20protein%20structures%20and%20complexes%202018&author=Waterhouse&title=SWISS-MODEL%3A%20homology%20modelling%20of%20protein%20structures%20and%20complexes&year=2018) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Waterhouse%2C%20A.%20Bertoni%2C%20M.%20Bienert%2C%20S.%20Studer%2C%20G.%20SWISS-MODEL%3A%20homology%20modelling%20of%20protein%20structures%20and%20complexes%202018) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Waterhouse%2C%20A.%20Bertoni%2C%20M.%20Bienert%2C%20S.%20Studer%2C%20G.%20SWISS-MODEL%3A%20homology%20modelling%20of%20protein%20structures%20and%20complexes%202018)

[^50]: Ito,F., Yang,H., Xiao,X., Li,S.X., Wolfe,A., Zirkle,B., Arutiunian,V. and Chen,X.S. (2018) Understanding the structure, multimerization, subcellular localization and mC selectivity of a genomic mutator and anti-HIV factor APOBEC3H. Sci. Rep., 8, 3763. [[Ito_et+al_UnderstandingStructureMultimerizationSubcellularLocalization_2018]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Ito%2C%20F.%20Yang%2C%20H.%20Xiao%2C%20X.%20Li%2C%20S.X.%20Understanding%20the%20structure%2C%20multimerization%2C%20subcellular%20localization%20and%20mC%20selectivity%20of%20a%20genomic%20mutator%20and%20anti-HIV%20factor%20APOBEC3H%202018&author=Ito&title=Understanding%20the%20structure%2C%20multimerization%2C%20subcellular%20localization%20and%20mC%20selectivity%20of%20a%20genomic%20mutator%20and%20anti-HIV%20factor%20APOBEC3H&year=2018) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Ito%2C%20F.%20Yang%2C%20H.%20Xiao%2C%20X.%20Li%2C%20S.X.%20Understanding%20the%20structure%2C%20multimerization%2C%20subcellular%20localization%20and%20mC%20selectivity%20of%20a%20genomic%20mutator%20and%20anti-HIV%20factor%20APOBEC3H%202018) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Ito%2C%20F.%20Yang%2C%20H.%20Xiao%2C%20X.%20Li%2C%20S.X.%20Understanding%20the%20structure%2C%20multimerization%2C%20subcellular%20localization%20and%20mC%20selectivity%20of%20a%20genomic%20mutator%20and%20anti-HIV%20factor%20APOBEC3H%202018)

[^51]: Porter,J.R., Weitzner,B.D. and Lange,O.F. (2015) A framework to simplify combined sampling strategies in Rosetta. PLoS One, 10, e0138220. [[Porter_et+al_FrameworkSimplifyCombinedSamplingStrategies_2015]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Porter%2C%20J.R.%20Weitzner%2C%20B.D.%20Lange%2C%20O.F.%20A%20framework%20to%20simplify%20combined%20sampling%20strategies%20in%20Rosetta%202015&author=Porter&title=A%20framework%20to%20simplify%20combined%20sampling%20strategies%20in%20Rosetta&year=2015) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Porter%2C%20J.R.%20Weitzner%2C%20B.D.%20Lange%2C%20O.F.%20A%20framework%20to%20simplify%20combined%20sampling%20strategies%20in%20Rosetta%202015) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Porter%2C%20J.R.%20Weitzner%2C%20B.D.%20Lange%2C%20O.F.%20A%20framework%20to%20simplify%20combined%20sampling%20strategies%20in%20Rosetta%202015)

[^52]: Fleishman,S.J., Leaver-Fay,A., Corn,J.E., Strauch,E.M., Khare,S.D., Koga,N., Ashworth,J., Murphy,P., Richter,F., Lemmon,G. et al. (2011) RosettaScripts: a scripting language interface to the Rosetta macromolecular modeling suite. PLoS One, 6, e20161. [[Fleishman_et+al_RosettascriptsScriptingLanguageInterfaceRosetta_2011]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Fleishman%2C%20S.J.%20Leaver-Fay%2C%20A.%20Corn%2C%20J.E.%20Strauch%2C%20E.M.%20RosettaScripts%3A%20a%20scripting%20language%20interface%20to%20the%20Rosetta%20macromolecular%20modeling%20suite%202011&author=Fleishman&title=RosettaScripts%3A%20a%20scripting%20language%20interface%20to%20the%20Rosetta%20macromolecular%20modeling%20suite&year=2011) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Fleishman%2C%20S.J.%20Leaver-Fay%2C%20A.%20Corn%2C%20J.E.%20Strauch%2C%20E.M.%20RosettaScripts%3A%20a%20scripting%20language%20interface%20to%20the%20Rosetta%20macromolecular%20modeling%20suite%202011) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Fleishman%2C%20S.J.%20Leaver-Fay%2C%20A.%20Corn%2C%20J.E.%20Strauch%2C%20E.M.%20RosettaScripts%3A%20a%20scripting%20language%20interface%20to%20the%20Rosetta%20macromolecular%20modeling%20suite%202011)

[^53]: Leaver-Fay,A., Tyka,M., Lewis,S.M., Lange,O.F., Thompson,J., Jacak,R., Kaufman,K., Renfrew,P.D., Smith,C.A., Sheffler,W. et al. (2011) Rosetta3: an object-oriented software suite for the simulation and design of macromolecules. Methods Enzymol., 487, 545–574. [[Leaver-Fay_et+al_Rosetta3ObjectorientedSoftwareSuiteSimulation_2011]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Leaver-Fay%2C%20A.%20Tyka%2C%20M.%20Lewis%2C%20S.M.%20Lange%2C%20O.F.%20Rosetta3%3A%20an%20object-oriented%20software%20suite%20for%20the%20simulation%20and%20design%20of%20macromolecules%202011&author=Leaver-Fay&title=Rosetta3%3A%20an%20object-oriented%20software%20suite%20for%20the%20simulation%20and%20design%20of%20macromolecules&year=2011) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Leaver-Fay%2C%20A.%20Tyka%2C%20M.%20Lewis%2C%20S.M.%20Lange%2C%20O.F.%20Rosetta3%3A%20an%20object-oriented%20software%20suite%20for%20the%20simulation%20and%20design%20of%20macromolecules%202011) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Leaver-Fay%2C%20A.%20Tyka%2C%20M.%20Lewis%2C%20S.M.%20Lange%2C%20O.F.%20Rosetta3%3A%20an%20object-oriented%20software%20suite%20for%20the%20simulation%20and%20design%20of%20macromolecules%202011)

[^54]: Kim,D.E., Chivian,D. and Baker,D. (2004) Protein structure prediction and analysis using the Robetta server. Nucleic Acids Res., 32, W526–W531. [[Kim_et+al_ProteinStructurePredictionAnalysisUsing_2004]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Kim%2C%20D.E.%20Chivian%2C%20D.%20Baker%2C%20D.%20Protein%20structure%20prediction%20and%20analysis%20using%20the%20Robetta%20server%202004&author=Kim&title=Protein%20structure%20prediction%20and%20analysis%20using%20the%20Robetta%20server&year=2004) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Kim%2C%20D.E.%20Chivian%2C%20D.%20Baker%2C%20D.%20Protein%20structure%20prediction%20and%20analysis%20using%20the%20Robetta%20server%202004) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Kim%2C%20D.E.%20Chivian%2C%20D.%20Baker%2C%20D.%20Protein%20structure%20prediction%20and%20analysis%20using%20the%20Robetta%20server%202004)

[^55]: Lehmann,D.M., Galloway,C.A., MacElrevey,C., Sowden,M.P., Wedekind,J.E. and Smith,H.C. (2007) Functional characterization of APOBEC-1 complementation factor phosphorylation sites. Biochim. Biophys. Acta Mol. Cell Res., 1773, 408–418. [[Lehmann_et+al_FunctionalCharacterizationApobec1ComplementationFactor_2007]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Lehmann%2C%20D.M.%20Galloway%2C%20C.A.%20MacElrevey%2C%20C.%20Sowden%2C%20M.P.%20Functional%20characterization%20of%20APOBEC-1%20complementation%20factor%20phosphorylation%20sites%202007&author=Lehmann&title=Functional%20characterization%20of%20APOBEC-1%20complementation%20factor%20phosphorylation%20sites&year=2007) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Lehmann%2C%20D.M.%20Galloway%2C%20C.A.%20MacElrevey%2C%20C.%20Sowden%2C%20M.P.%20Functional%20characterization%20of%20APOBEC-1%20complementation%20factor%20phosphorylation%20sites%202007) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Lehmann%2C%20D.M.%20Galloway%2C%20C.A.%20MacElrevey%2C%20C.%20Sowden%2C%20M.P.%20Functional%20characterization%20of%20APOBEC-1%20complementation%20factor%20phosphorylation%20sites%202007)

[^56]: Otwinowski,Z. and Minor,W. (1997) Processing of X-ray diffraction data collected in oscillation mode. Methods Enzymol., 276, 306–315. [[Otwinowski_ProcessingXDiffractionDataCollected_1997]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Otwinowski%2C%20Z.%20Minor%2C%20W.%20Processing%20of%20X-ray%20diffraction%20data%20collected%20in%20oscillation%20mode%201997&author=Otwinowski&title=Processing%20of%20X-ray%20diffraction%20data%20collected%20in%20oscillation%20mode&year=1997) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Otwinowski%2C%20Z.%20Minor%2C%20W.%20Processing%20of%20X-ray%20diffraction%20data%20collected%20in%20oscillation%20mode%201997) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Otwinowski%2C%20Z.%20Minor%2C%20W.%20Processing%20of%20X-ray%20diffraction%20data%20collected%20in%20oscillation%20mode%201997)

[^57]: Adams,P.D., Afonine,P.V., Bunkoczi,G., Chen,V.B., Davis,I.W., Echols,N., Headd,J.J., Hung,L.W., Kapral,G.J., Grosse-Kunstleve,R.W. et al. (2010) PHENIX: a comprehensive Python-based system for macromolecular structure solution. Acta Crystallogr. D, 66, 213–221. [[Adams_et+al_PhenixComprehensivePythonbasedSystemMacromolecular_2010]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Adams%2C%20P.D.%20Afonine%2C%20P.V.%20Bunkoczi%2C%20G.%20Chen%2C%20V.B.%20PHENIX%3A%20a%20comprehensive%20Python-based%20system%20for%20macromolecular%20structure%20solution%202010&author=Adams&title=PHENIX%3A%20a%20comprehensive%20Python-based%20system%20for%20macromolecular%20structure%20solution&year=2010) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Adams%2C%20P.D.%20Afonine%2C%20P.V.%20Bunkoczi%2C%20G.%20Chen%2C%20V.B.%20PHENIX%3A%20a%20comprehensive%20Python-based%20system%20for%20macromolecular%20structure%20solution%202010) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Adams%2C%20P.D.%20Afonine%2C%20P.V.%20Bunkoczi%2C%20G.%20Chen%2C%20V.B.%20PHENIX%3A%20a%20comprehensive%20Python-based%20system%20for%20macromolecular%20structure%20solution%202010)

[^58]: Quiocho,F.A., Spurlino,J.C. and Rodseth,L.E. (1997) Extensive features of tight oligosaccharide binding revealed in high-resolution structures of the maltodextrin transport/chemosensory receptor. Structure, 5, 997–1015. [[Quiocho_et+al_ExtensiveFeaturesTightOligosaccharideBinding_1997]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Quiocho%2C%20F.A.%20Spurlino%2C%20J.C.%20Rodseth%2C%20L.E.%20Extensive%20features%20of%20tight%20oligosaccharide%20binding%20revealed%20in%20high-resolution%20structures%20of%20the%20maltodextrin%20transport/chemosensory%20receptor%201997&author=Quiocho&title=Extensive%20features%20of%20tight%20oligosaccharide%20binding%20revealed%20in%20high-resolution%20structures%20of%20the%20maltodextrin%20transport/chemosensory%20receptor&year=1997) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Quiocho%2C%20F.A.%20Spurlino%2C%20J.C.%20Rodseth%2C%20L.E.%20Extensive%20features%20of%20tight%20oligosaccharide%20binding%20revealed%20in%20high-resolution%20structures%20of%20the%20maltodextrin%20transport/chemosensory%20receptor%201997) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Quiocho%2C%20F.A.%20Spurlino%2C%20J.C.%20Rodseth%2C%20L.E.%20Extensive%20features%20of%20tight%20oligosaccharide%20binding%20revealed%20in%20high-resolution%20structures%20of%20the%20maltodextrin%20transport/chemosensory%20receptor%201997)

[^59]: Emsley,P., Lohkamp,B., Scott,W.G. and Cowtan,K. (2010) Features and development of Coot. Acta Crystallogr. D, 66, 486–501. [[Emsley_et+al_FeaturesDevelopmentCoot_2010]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Emsley%2C%20P.%20Lohkamp%2C%20B.%20Scott%2C%20W.G.%20Cowtan%2C%20K.%20Features%20and%20development%20of%20Coot%202010&author=Emsley&title=Features%20and%20development%20of%20Coot&year=2010) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Emsley%2C%20P.%20Lohkamp%2C%20B.%20Scott%2C%20W.G.%20Cowtan%2C%20K.%20Features%20and%20development%20of%20Coot%202010) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Emsley%2C%20P.%20Lohkamp%2C%20B.%20Scott%2C%20W.G.%20Cowtan%2C%20K.%20Features%20and%20development%20of%20Coot%202010)

[^60]: Driscoll,D., Wynne,J., Wallis,S. and Scott,J. (1989) An in vitro system for the editing of apolipoprotein B mRNA. Cell, 58, 519–525. [[Driscoll_et+al_VitroSystemEditingApolipoproteinB_1989]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Driscoll%2C%20D.%20Wynne%2C%20J.%20Wallis%2C%20S.%20Scott%2C%20J.%20An%20in%20vitro%20system%20for%20the%20editing%20of%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%201989&author=Driscoll&title=An%20in%20vitro%20system%20for%20the%20editing%20of%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA&year=1989) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Driscoll%2C%20D.%20Wynne%2C%20J.%20Wallis%2C%20S.%20Scott%2C%20J.%20An%20in%20vitro%20system%20for%20the%20editing%20of%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%201989) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Driscoll%2C%20D.%20Wynne%2C%20J.%20Wallis%2C%20S.%20Scott%2C%20J.%20An%20in%20vitro%20system%20for%20the%20editing%20of%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%201989)

[^61]: Ryder,S.P., Recht,M.I. and Williamson,J.R. (2008) Quantitative analysis of protein–RNA interactions by gel mobility shift. Methods Mol. Biol., 488, 99–115. [[Ryder_et+al_QuantitativeAnalysisProteinrnaInteractionsMobility_2008]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Ryder%2C%20S.P.%20Recht%2C%20M.I.%20Williamson%2C%20J.R.%20Quantitative%20analysis%20of%20protein%E2%80%93RNA%20interactions%20by%20gel%20mobility%20shift%202008&author=Ryder&title=Quantitative%20analysis%20of%20protein%E2%80%93RNA%20interactions%20by%20gel%20mobility%20shift&year=2008) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Ryder%2C%20S.P.%20Recht%2C%20M.I.%20Williamson%2C%20J.R.%20Quantitative%20analysis%20of%20protein%E2%80%93RNA%20interactions%20by%20gel%20mobility%20shift%202008) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Ryder%2C%20S.P.%20Recht%2C%20M.I.%20Williamson%2C%20J.R.%20Quantitative%20analysis%20of%20protein%E2%80%93RNA%20interactions%20by%20gel%20mobility%20shift%202008)

[^62]: Schindelin,J., Arganda-Carreras,I., Frise,E., Kaynig,V., Longair,M., Pietzsch,T., Preibisch,S., Rueden,C., Saalfeld,S., Schmid,B. et al. (2012) Fiji: an open-source platform for biological-image analysis. Nat. Methods, 9, 676–682. [[Schindelin_et+al_FijiOpensourcePlatformBiologicalimageAnalysis_2012]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Schindelin%2C%20J.%20Arganda-Carreras%2C%20I.%20Frise%2C%20E.%20Kaynig%2C%20V.%20Fiji%3A%20an%20open-source%20platform%20for%20biological-image%20analysis%202012&author=Schindelin&title=Fiji%3A%20an%20open-source%20platform%20for%20biological-image%20analysis&year=2012) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Schindelin%2C%20J.%20Arganda-Carreras%2C%20I.%20Frise%2C%20E.%20Kaynig%2C%20V.%20Fiji%3A%20an%20open-source%20platform%20for%20biological-image%20analysis%202012) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Schindelin%2C%20J.%20Arganda-Carreras%2C%20I.%20Frise%2C%20E.%20Kaynig%2C%20V.%20Fiji%3A%20an%20open-source%20platform%20for%20biological-image%20analysis%202012)

[^63]: Qiao,Q., Wang,L., Meng,F.L., Hwang,J.K., Alt,F.W. and Wu,H. (2017) AID recognizes structured DNA for class switch recombination. Mol. Cell, 67, 361–373. [[Qiao_et+al_AidRecognizesStructuredDnaClass_2017]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Qiao%2C%20Q.%20Wang%2C%20L.%20Meng%2C%20F.L.%20Hwang%2C%20J.K.%20AID%20recognizes%20structured%20DNA%20for%20class%20switch%20recombination%202017&author=Qiao&title=AID%20recognizes%20structured%20DNA%20for%20class%20switch%20recombination&year=2017) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Qiao%2C%20Q.%20Wang%2C%20L.%20Meng%2C%20F.L.%20Hwang%2C%20J.K.%20AID%20recognizes%20structured%20DNA%20for%20class%20switch%20recombination%202017) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Qiao%2C%20Q.%20Wang%2C%20L.%20Meng%2C%20F.L.%20Hwang%2C%20J.K.%20AID%20recognizes%20structured%20DNA%20for%20class%20switch%20recombination%202017)

[^64]: Jacobs,W.M. and Shakhnovich,E.I. (2016) Structure-based prediction of protein-folding transition paths. Biophys. J., 111, 925–936. [[Jacobs_StructurebasedPredictionProteinfoldingTransitionPaths_2016]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Jacobs%2C%20W.M.%20Shakhnovich%2C%20E.I.%20Structure-based%20prediction%20of%20protein-folding%20transition%20paths%202016&author=Jacobs&title=Structure-based%20prediction%20of%20protein-folding%20transition%20paths&year=2016) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Jacobs%2C%20W.M.%20Shakhnovich%2C%20E.I.%20Structure-based%20prediction%20of%20protein-folding%20transition%20paths%202016) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Jacobs%2C%20W.M.%20Shakhnovich%2C%20E.I.%20Structure-based%20prediction%20of%20protein-folding%20transition%20paths%202016)

[^65]: Xue,L.C., Rodrigues,J.P., Kastritis,P.L., Bonvin,A.M. and Vangone,A. (2016) PRODIGY: a web server for predicting the binding affinity of protein–protein complexes. Bioinformatics, 32, 3676–3678. [[Xue_et+al_ProdigyServerPredictingBindingAffinity_2016]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Xue%2C%20L.C.%20Rodrigues%2C%20J.P.%20Kastritis%2C%20P.L.%20Bonvin%2C%20A.M.%20PRODIGY%3A%20a%20web%20server%20for%20predicting%20the%20binding%20affinity%20of%20protein%E2%80%93protein%20complexes%202016&author=Xue&title=PRODIGY%3A%20a%20web%20server%20for%20predicting%20the%20binding%20affinity%20of%20protein%E2%80%93protein%20complexes&year=2016) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Xue%2C%20L.C.%20Rodrigues%2C%20J.P.%20Kastritis%2C%20P.L.%20Bonvin%2C%20A.M.%20PRODIGY%3A%20a%20web%20server%20for%20predicting%20the%20binding%20affinity%20of%20protein%E2%80%93protein%20complexes%202016) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Xue%2C%20L.C.%20Rodrigues%2C%20J.P.%20Kastritis%2C%20P.L.%20Bonvin%2C%20A.M.%20PRODIGY%3A%20a%20web%20server%20for%20predicting%20the%20binding%20affinity%20of%20protein%E2%80%93protein%20complexes%202016)

[^66]: Dawson,N.L., Lewis,T.E., Das,S., Lees,J.G., Lee,D., Ashford,P., Orengo,C.A. and Sillitoe,I. (2017) CATH: an expanded resource to predict protein function through structure and sequence. Nucleic Acids Res., 45, D289–D295. [[Dawson_et+al_CathExpandedResourcePredictProtein_2017]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Dawson%2C%20N.L.%20Lewis%2C%20T.E.%20Das%2C%20S.%20Lees%2C%20J.G.%20CATH%3A%20an%20expanded%20resource%20to%20predict%20protein%20function%20through%20structure%20and%20sequence%202017&author=Dawson&title=CATH%3A%20an%20expanded%20resource%20to%20predict%20protein%20function%20through%20structure%20and%20sequence&year=2017) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Dawson%2C%20N.L.%20Lewis%2C%20T.E.%20Das%2C%20S.%20Lees%2C%20J.G.%20CATH%3A%20an%20expanded%20resource%20to%20predict%20protein%20function%20through%20structure%20and%20sequence%202017) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Dawson%2C%20N.L.%20Lewis%2C%20T.E.%20Das%2C%20S.%20Lees%2C%20J.G.%20CATH%3A%20an%20expanded%20resource%20to%20predict%20protein%20function%20through%20structure%20and%20sequence%202017)

[^67]: Navaratnam,N., Fujino,T., Bayliss,J., Jarmuz,A., How,A., Richardson,N., Somasekaram,A., Bhattacharya,S., Carter,C. and Scott,J. (1998) Escherichia coli cytidine deaminase provides a molecular model for ApoB RNA editing and a mechanism for RNA substrate recognition. J. Mol. Biol., 275, 695–714. [[Navaratnam_et+al_EscherichiaColiCytidineDeaminaseProvides_1998]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Navaratnam%2C%20N.%20Fujino%2C%20T.%20Bayliss%2C%20J.%20Jarmuz%2C%20A.%20Escherichia%20coli%20cytidine%20deaminase%20provides%20a%20molecular%20model%20for%20ApoB%20RNA%20editing%20and%20a%20mechanism%20for%20RNA%20substrate%20recognition%201998&author=Navaratnam&title=Escherichia%20coli%20cytidine%20deaminase%20provides%20a%20molecular%20model%20for%20ApoB%20RNA%20editing%20and%20a%20mechanism%20for%20RNA%20substrate%20recognition&year=1998) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Navaratnam%2C%20N.%20Fujino%2C%20T.%20Bayliss%2C%20J.%20Jarmuz%2C%20A.%20Escherichia%20coli%20cytidine%20deaminase%20provides%20a%20molecular%20model%20for%20ApoB%20RNA%20editing%20and%20a%20mechanism%20for%20RNA%20substrate%20recognition%201998) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Navaratnam%2C%20N.%20Fujino%2C%20T.%20Bayliss%2C%20J.%20Jarmuz%2C%20A.%20Escherichia%20coli%20cytidine%20deaminase%20provides%20a%20molecular%20model%20for%20ApoB%20RNA%20editing%20and%20a%20mechanism%20for%20RNA%20substrate%20recognition%201998)

[^68]: Xie,K., Sowden,M.P., Dance,G.S., Torelli,A.T., Smith,H.C. and Wedekind,J.E. (2004) The structure of a yeast RNA-editing deaminase provides insight into the fold and function of activation-induced deaminase and APOBEC-1. Proc. Natl Acad. Sci. U.S.A., 101, 8114–8119. [[Xie_et+al_StructureYeastRnaeditingDeaminaseProvides_2004]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Xie%2C%20K.%20Sowden%2C%20M.P.%20Dance%2C%20G.S.%20Torelli%2C%20A.T.%20The%20structure%20of%20a%20yeast%20RNA-editing%20deaminase%20provides%20insight%20into%20the%20fold%20and%20function%20of%20activation-induced%20deaminase%20and%20APOBEC-1%202004&author=Xie&title=The%20structure%20of%20a%20yeast%20RNA-editing%20deaminase%20provides%20insight%20into%20the%20fold%20and%20function%20of%20activation-induced%20deaminase%20and%20APOBEC-1&year=2004) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Xie%2C%20K.%20Sowden%2C%20M.P.%20Dance%2C%20G.S.%20Torelli%2C%20A.T.%20The%20structure%20of%20a%20yeast%20RNA-editing%20deaminase%20provides%20insight%20into%20the%20fold%20and%20function%20of%20activation-induced%20deaminase%20and%20APOBEC-1%202004) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Xie%2C%20K.%20Sowden%2C%20M.P.%20Dance%2C%20G.S.%20Torelli%2C%20A.T.%20The%20structure%20of%20a%20yeast%20RNA-editing%20deaminase%20provides%20insight%20into%20the%20fold%20and%20function%20of%20activation-induced%20deaminase%20and%20APOBEC-1%202004)

[^69]: Chester,A., Somasekaram,A., Tzimina,M., Jarmuz,A., Gisbourne,J., O’Keefe,R., Scott,J. and Navaratnam,N. (2003) The apolipoprotein B mRNA editing complex performs a multifunctional cycle and suppresses nonsense-mediated decay. EMBO J., 22, 3971–3982. [[Chester_et+al_ApolipoproteinBMrnaEditingComplex_2003]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Chester%2C%20A.%20Somasekaram%2C%20A.%20Tzimina%2C%20M.%20Jarmuz%2C%20A.%20The%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20complex%20performs%20a%20multifunctional%20cycle%20and%20suppresses%20nonsense-mediated%20decay%202003&author=Chester&title=The%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20complex%20performs%20a%20multifunctional%20cycle%20and%20suppresses%20nonsense-mediated%20decay&year=2003) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Chester%2C%20A.%20Somasekaram%2C%20A.%20Tzimina%2C%20M.%20Jarmuz%2C%20A.%20The%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20complex%20performs%20a%20multifunctional%20cycle%20and%20suppresses%20nonsense-mediated%20decay%202003) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Chester%2C%20A.%20Somasekaram%2C%20A.%20Tzimina%2C%20M.%20Jarmuz%2C%20A.%20The%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20complex%20performs%20a%20multifunctional%20cycle%20and%20suppresses%20nonsense-mediated%20decay%202003)

[^70]: Ikeda,T., Abd El Galil,K.H., Tokunaga,K., Maeda,K., Sata,T., Sakaguchi,N., Heidmann,T. and Koito,A. (2011) Intrinsic restriction activity by apolipoprotein B mRNA editing enzyme APOBEC1 against the mobility of autonomous retrotransposons. Nucleic Acids Res., 39, 5538–5554. [[Ikeda_et+al_IntrinsicRestrictionActivityApolipoproteinB_2011]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Ikeda%2C%20T.%20Abd%20El%20Galil%2C%20K.H.%20Tokunaga%2C%20K.%20Maeda%2C%20K.%20Intrinsic%20restriction%20activity%20by%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20enzyme%20APOBEC1%20against%20the%20mobility%20of%20autonomous%20retrotransposons%202011&author=Ikeda&title=Intrinsic%20restriction%20activity%20by%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20enzyme%20APOBEC1%20against%20the%20mobility%20of%20autonomous%20retrotransposons&year=2011) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Ikeda%2C%20T.%20Abd%20El%20Galil%2C%20K.H.%20Tokunaga%2C%20K.%20Maeda%2C%20K.%20Intrinsic%20restriction%20activity%20by%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20enzyme%20APOBEC1%20against%20the%20mobility%20of%20autonomous%20retrotransposons%202011) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Ikeda%2C%20T.%20Abd%20El%20Galil%2C%20K.H.%20Tokunaga%2C%20K.%20Maeda%2C%20K.%20Intrinsic%20restriction%20activity%20by%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%20enzyme%20APOBEC1%20against%20the%20mobility%20of%20autonomous%20retrotransposons%202011)

[^71]: Bohn,J.A., Thummar,K., York,A., Raymond,A., Brown,W.C., Bieniasz,P.D., Hatziioannou,T. and Smith,J.L. (2017) APOBEC3H structure reveals an unusual mechanism of interaction with duplex RNA. Nat. Commun., 8, 2–10. [[Bohn_et+al_Apobec3hStructureRevealsUnusualMechanism_2017]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Bohn%2C%20J.A.%20Thummar%2C%20K.%20York%2C%20A.%20Raymond%2C%20A.%20APOBEC3H%20structure%20reveals%20an%20unusual%20mechanism%20of%20interaction%20with%20duplex%20RNA%202017&author=Bohn&title=APOBEC3H%20structure%20reveals%20an%20unusual%20mechanism%20of%20interaction%20with%20duplex%20RNA&year=2017) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Bohn%2C%20J.A.%20Thummar%2C%20K.%20York%2C%20A.%20Raymond%2C%20A.%20APOBEC3H%20structure%20reveals%20an%20unusual%20mechanism%20of%20interaction%20with%20duplex%20RNA%202017) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Bohn%2C%20J.A.%20Thummar%2C%20K.%20York%2C%20A.%20Raymond%2C%20A.%20APOBEC3H%20structure%20reveals%20an%20unusual%20mechanism%20of%20interaction%20with%20duplex%20RNA%202017)

[^72]: Matsuoka,T., Nagae,T., Ode,H., Awazu,H., Kurosawa,T., Hamano,A., Matsuoka,K., Hachiya,A., Imahashi,M., Yokomaku,Y. et al. (2018) Structural basis of chimpanzee APOBEC3H dimerization stabilized by double-stranded RNA. Nucleic Acids Res., 46, 10368–10379. [[Matsuoka_et+al_StructuralBasisChimpanzeeApobec3hDimerization_2018]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Matsuoka%2C%20T.%20Nagae%2C%20T.%20Ode%2C%20H.%20Awazu%2C%20H.%20Structural%20basis%20of%20chimpanzee%20APOBEC3H%20dimerization%20stabilized%20by%20double-stranded%20RNA%202018&author=Matsuoka&title=Structural%20basis%20of%20chimpanzee%20APOBEC3H%20dimerization%20stabilized%20by%20double-stranded%20RNA&year=2018) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Matsuoka%2C%20T.%20Nagae%2C%20T.%20Ode%2C%20H.%20Awazu%2C%20H.%20Structural%20basis%20of%20chimpanzee%20APOBEC3H%20dimerization%20stabilized%20by%20double-stranded%20RNA%202018) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Matsuoka%2C%20T.%20Nagae%2C%20T.%20Ode%2C%20H.%20Awazu%2C%20H.%20Structural%20basis%20of%20chimpanzee%20APOBEC3H%20dimerization%20stabilized%20by%20double-stranded%20RNA%202018)

[^73]: Rathore,A., Carpenter,M.A., Demir,O., Ikeda,T., Li,M., Shaban,N.M., Law,E.K., Anokhin,D., Brown,W.L., Amaro,R.E. et al. (2013) The local dinucleotide preference of APOBEC3G can be altered from 5 -CC to 5 -TC by a single amino acid substitution. J. Mol. Biol., 425, 4442–4454. [[Rathore_et+al_LocalDinucleotidePreferenceApobec3gAltered_2013]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Rathore%2C%20A.%20Carpenter%2C%20M.A.%20Demir%2C%20O.%20Ikeda%2C%20T.%20The%20local%20dinucleotide%20preference%20of%20APOBEC3G%20can%20be%20altered%20from%205%20-CC%20to%205%20-TC%20by%20a%20single%20amino%20acid%20substitution%202013&author=Rathore&title=The%20local%20dinucleotide%20preference%20of%20APOBEC3G%20can%20be%20altered%20from%205%20-CC%20to%205%20-TC%20by%20a%20single%20amino%20acid%20substitution&year=2013) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Rathore%2C%20A.%20Carpenter%2C%20M.A.%20Demir%2C%20O.%20Ikeda%2C%20T.%20The%20local%20dinucleotide%20preference%20of%20APOBEC3G%20can%20be%20altered%20from%205%20-CC%20to%205%20-TC%20by%20a%20single%20amino%20acid%20substitution%202013) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Rathore%2C%20A.%20Carpenter%2C%20M.A.%20Demir%2C%20O.%20Ikeda%2C%20T.%20The%20local%20dinucleotide%20preference%20of%20APOBEC3G%20can%20be%20altered%20from%205%20-CC%20to%205%20-TC%20by%20a%20single%20amino%20acid%20substitution%202013)

[^74]: Shaban,N.M., Shi,K., Lauer,K.V., Carpenter,M.A., Richards,C.M., Salamango,D., Wang,J., Lopresti,M.W., Banerjee,S., Levin-Klein,R. et al. (2018) The antiviral and cancer genomic DNA deaminase APOBEC3H is regulated by an RNA-mediated dimerization mechanism. Mol. Cell, 69, 75–86. [[Shaban_et+al_AntiviralCancerGenomicDnaDeaminase_2018]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Shaban%2C%20N.M.%20Shi%2C%20K.%20Lauer%2C%20K.V.%20Carpenter%2C%20M.A.%20The%20antiviral%20and%20cancer%20genomic%20DNA%20deaminase%20APOBEC3H%20is%20regulated%20by%20an%20RNA-mediated%20dimerization%20mechanism%202018&author=Shaban&title=The%20antiviral%20and%20cancer%20genomic%20DNA%20deaminase%20APOBEC3H%20is%20regulated%20by%20an%20RNA-mediated%20dimerization%20mechanism&year=2018) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Shaban%2C%20N.M.%20Shi%2C%20K.%20Lauer%2C%20K.V.%20Carpenter%2C%20M.A.%20The%20antiviral%20and%20cancer%20genomic%20DNA%20deaminase%20APOBEC3H%20is%20regulated%20by%20an%20RNA-mediated%20dimerization%20mechanism%202018) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Shaban%2C%20N.M.%20Shi%2C%20K.%20Lauer%2C%20K.V.%20Carpenter%2C%20M.A.%20The%20antiviral%20and%20cancer%20genomic%20DNA%20deaminase%20APOBEC3H%20is%20regulated%20by%20an%20RNA-mediated%20dimerization%20mechanism%202018)

[^75]: Shi,K., Carpenter,M.A., Banerjee,S., Shaban,N.M., Kurahashi,K., Salamango,D.J., McCann,J.L., Starrett,G.J., Duffy,J.V., Demir,O. et al. (2017) Structural basis for targeted DNA cytosine deamination and mutagenesis by APOBEC3A and APOBEC3B. Nat. Struct. Mol. Biol., 24, 131–139. [[Shi_et+al_StructuralBasisTargetedDnaCytosine_2017]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Shi%2C%20K.%20Carpenter%2C%20M.A.%20Banerjee%2C%20S.%20Shaban%2C%20N.M.%20Structural%20basis%20for%20targeted%20DNA%20cytosine%20deamination%20and%20mutagenesis%20by%20APOBEC3A%20and%20APOBEC3B%202017&author=Shi&title=Structural%20basis%20for%20targeted%20DNA%20cytosine%20deamination%20and%20mutagenesis%20by%20APOBEC3A%20and%20APOBEC3B&year=2017) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Shi%2C%20K.%20Carpenter%2C%20M.A.%20Banerjee%2C%20S.%20Shaban%2C%20N.M.%20Structural%20basis%20for%20targeted%20DNA%20cytosine%20deamination%20and%20mutagenesis%20by%20APOBEC3A%20and%20APOBEC3B%202017) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Shi%2C%20K.%20Carpenter%2C%20M.A.%20Banerjee%2C%20S.%20Shaban%2C%20N.M.%20Structural%20basis%20for%20targeted%20DNA%20cytosine%20deamination%20and%20mutagenesis%20by%20APOBEC3A%20and%20APOBEC3B%202017)

[^76]: Kouno,T., Silvas,T.V., Hilbert,B.J., Shandilya,S.M.D., Bohn,M.F., Kelch,B.A., Royer,W.E., Somasundaran,M., Yilmaz,N.K., Matsuo,H. et al. (2017) Crystal structure of APOBEC3A bound to single-stranded DNA reveals structural basis for cytidine deamination and specificity. Nat. Commun., 8, 15024. [[Kouno_et+al_CrystalStructureApobec3aBoundSinglestranded_2017]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Kouno%2C%20T.%20Silvas%2C%20T.V.%20Hilbert%2C%20B.J.%20Shandilya%2C%20S.M.D.%20Crystal%20structure%20of%20APOBEC3A%20bound%20to%20single-stranded%20DNA%20reveals%20structural%20basis%20for%20cytidine%20deamination%20and%20specificity%202017&author=Kouno&title=Crystal%20structure%20of%20APOBEC3A%20bound%20to%20single-stranded%20DNA%20reveals%20structural%20basis%20for%20cytidine%20deamination%20and%20specificity&year=2017) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Kouno%2C%20T.%20Silvas%2C%20T.V.%20Hilbert%2C%20B.J.%20Shandilya%2C%20S.M.D.%20Crystal%20structure%20of%20APOBEC3A%20bound%20to%20single-stranded%20DNA%20reveals%20structural%20basis%20for%20cytidine%20deamination%20and%20specificity%202017) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Kouno%2C%20T.%20Silvas%2C%20T.V.%20Hilbert%2C%20B.J.%20Shandilya%2C%20S.M.D.%20Crystal%20structure%20of%20APOBEC3A%20bound%20to%20single-stranded%20DNA%20reveals%20structural%20basis%20for%20cytidine%20deamination%20and%20specificity%202017)

[^77]: Maiti,A., Myint,W., Kanai,T., Delviks-Frankenberry,K., Sierra Rodriguez,C., Pathak,V.K., Schiffer,C.A. and Matsuo,H. (2018) Crystal structure of the catalytic domain of HIV-1 restriction factor APOBEC3G in complex with ssDNA. Nat. Commun., 9, 2460. [[Maiti_et+al_CrystalStructureCatalyticDomainHiv1_2018]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Maiti%2C%20A.%20Myint%2C%20W.%20Kanai%2C%20T.%20Delviks-Frankenberry%2C%20K.%20Crystal%20structure%20of%20the%20catalytic%20domain%20of%20HIV-1%20restriction%20factor%20APOBEC3G%20in%20complex%20with%20ssDNA%202018&author=Maiti&title=Crystal%20structure%20of%20the%20catalytic%20domain%20of%20HIV-1%20restriction%20factor%20APOBEC3G%20in%20complex%20with%20ssDNA&year=2018) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Maiti%2C%20A.%20Myint%2C%20W.%20Kanai%2C%20T.%20Delviks-Frankenberry%2C%20K.%20Crystal%20structure%20of%20the%20catalytic%20domain%20of%20HIV-1%20restriction%20factor%20APOBEC3G%20in%20complex%20with%20ssDNA%202018) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Maiti%2C%20A.%20Myint%2C%20W.%20Kanai%2C%20T.%20Delviks-Frankenberry%2C%20K.%20Crystal%20structure%20of%20the%20catalytic%20domain%20of%20HIV-1%20restriction%20factor%20APOBEC3G%20in%20complex%20with%20ssDNA%202018)

[^78]: Shah,R.R., Knott,T.J., Legros,J.E., Navaratnam,N., Greeve,J.C. and Scott,J. (1991) Sequence requirements for the editing of apolipoprotein B mRNA. J. Biol. Chem., 266, 16301–16304. [[Shah_et+al_SequenceRequirementsEditingApolipoproteinB_1991]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Shah%2C%20R.R.%20Knott%2C%20T.J.%20Legros%2C%20J.E.%20Navaratnam%2C%20N.%20Sequence%20requirements%20for%20the%20editing%20of%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%201991&author=Shah&title=Sequence%20requirements%20for%20the%20editing%20of%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA&year=1991) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Shah%2C%20R.R.%20Knott%2C%20T.J.%20Legros%2C%20J.E.%20Navaratnam%2C%20N.%20Sequence%20requirements%20for%20the%20editing%20of%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%201991) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Shah%2C%20R.R.%20Knott%2C%20T.J.%20Legros%2C%20J.E.%20Navaratnam%2C%20N.%20Sequence%20requirements%20for%20the%20editing%20of%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%201991)

[^79]: Liu,Z., Chen,O., Wall,J.B.J., Zheng,M., Zhou,Y., Wang,L., Ruth Vaseghi,H., Qian,L. and Liu,J. (2017) Systematic comparison of 2A peptides for cloning multi-genes in a polycistronic vector. Sci. Rep., 7, 2193. [[Liu_et+al_SystematicComparison2aPeptidesCloning_2017]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Liu%2C%20Z.%20Chen%2C%20O.%20Wall%2C%20J.B.J.%20Zheng%2C%20M.%20Systematic%20comparison%20of%202A%20peptides%20for%20cloning%20multi-genes%20in%20a%20polycistronic%20vector%202017&author=Liu&title=Systematic%20comparison%20of%202A%20peptides%20for%20cloning%20multi-genes%20in%20a%20polycistronic%20vector&year=2017) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Liu%2C%20Z.%20Chen%2C%20O.%20Wall%2C%20J.B.J.%20Zheng%2C%20M.%20Systematic%20comparison%20of%202A%20peptides%20for%20cloning%20multi-genes%20in%20a%20polycistronic%20vector%202017) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Liu%2C%20Z.%20Chen%2C%20O.%20Wall%2C%20J.B.J.%20Zheng%2C%20M.%20Systematic%20comparison%20of%202A%20peptides%20for%20cloning%20multi-genes%20in%20a%20polycistronic%20vector%202017)

[^80]: Ryan,M.D., King,A.M.Q. and Thomas,G.P. (1991) Cleavage of foot-and-mouth disease virus polyprotein is mediated by residues located within a 19 amino acid sequence. J. Gen. Virol., 72, 2727–2732. [[Ryan_et+al_CleavageFootmouthDiseaseVirusPolyprotein_1991]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Ryan%2C%20M.D.%20King%2C%20A.M.Q.%20Thomas%2C%20G.P.%20Cleavage%20of%20foot-and-mouth%20disease%20virus%20polyprotein%20is%20mediated%20by%20residues%20located%20within%20a%2019%20amino%20acid%20sequence%201991&author=Ryan&title=Cleavage%20of%20foot-and-mouth%20disease%20virus%20polyprotein%20is%20mediated%20by%20residues%20located%20within%20a%2019%20amino%20acid%20sequence&year=1991) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Ryan%2C%20M.D.%20King%2C%20A.M.Q.%20Thomas%2C%20G.P.%20Cleavage%20of%20foot-and-mouth%20disease%20virus%20polyprotein%20is%20mediated%20by%20residues%20located%20within%20a%2019%20amino%20acid%20sequence%201991) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Ryan%2C%20M.D.%20King%2C%20A.M.Q.%20Thomas%2C%20G.P.%20Cleavage%20of%20foot-and-mouth%20disease%20virus%20polyprotein%20is%20mediated%20by%20residues%20located%20within%20a%2019%20amino%20acid%20sequence%201991)

[^81]: Smith,H.C., Kuo,S.R., Backus,J.W., Harris,S.G., Sparks,C.E. and Sparks,J.D. (1991) In vitro apolipoprotein B mRNA editing: identification of a 27S editing complex. Proc. Natl Acad. Sci. U.S.A., 88, 1489–1493. [[Smith_et+al_VitroApolipoproteinBMrnaEditing_1991]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Smith%2C%20H.C.%20Kuo%2C%20S.R.%20Backus%2C%20J.W.%20Harris%2C%20S.G.%20In%20vitro%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%3A%20identification%20of%20a%2027S%20editing%20complex%201991&author=Smith&title=In%20vitro%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%3A%20identification%20of%20a%2027S%20editing%20complex&year=1991) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Smith%2C%20H.C.%20Kuo%2C%20S.R.%20Backus%2C%20J.W.%20Harris%2C%20S.G.%20In%20vitro%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%3A%20identification%20of%20a%2027S%20editing%20complex%201991) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Smith%2C%20H.C.%20Kuo%2C%20S.R.%20Backus%2C%20J.W.%20Harris%2C%20S.G.%20In%20vitro%20apolipoprotein%20B%20mRNA%20editing%3A%20identification%20of%20a%2027S%20editing%20complex%201991)

[^82]: Banani,S.F., Lee,H.O., Hyman,A.A. and Rosen,M.K. (2017) Biomolecular condensates: organizers of cellular biochemistry. Nat. Rev. Mol. Cell Biol., 18, 285–298.  [[Banani_et+al_BiomolecularCondensatesOrganizersCellularBiochemistry_2017]] [OA](http://engine.scholarcy.com/oa_version?query=Banani%2C%20S.F.%20Lee%2C%20H.O.%20Hyman%2C%20A.A.%20Rosen%2C%20M.K.%20Biomolecular%20condensates%3A%20organizers%20of%20cellular%20biochemistry%202017&author=Banani&title=Biomolecular%20condensates%3A%20organizers%20of%20cellular%20biochemistry&year=2017) [GScholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?q=Banani%2C%20S.F.%20Lee%2C%20H.O.%20Hyman%2C%20A.A.%20Rosen%2C%20M.K.%20Biomolecular%20condensates%3A%20organizers%20of%20cellular%20biochemistry%202017) [Scite](http://engine.scholarcy.com/scite_url?query=Banani%2C%20S.F.%20Lee%2C%20H.O.%20Hyman%2C%20A.A.%20Rosen%2C%20M.K.%20Biomolecular%20condensates%3A%20organizers%20of%20cellular%20biochemistry%202017)

